

A family love fantasy

Chapter I

     Laurie and I were first cousins and next-door neighbors.  We
were both fifteen, though I was six months older, and were in the
same grade in school.  We were both only children, and not having
brothers or sisters, we had grown up close to each other, almost
like brother and sister.  If asked, we would both characterize
the other as best friend.
 
     One main reason we were so close was that we were both
afflicted with the same malady--overwhelming, shivering, break-
out-in-cold-sweat shyness.  I would get tongue-tied around girls
of any age and was too quiet to have any boys as close friends.
Laurie was the same.  She would blush bright red if a boy even
spoke to her, and her interests were too different from other
girls her age for her to have any close girl friends.  We both
loved to read and to listen to music, and these shared interests
together with our mutually recognized shyness drew us together
like opposite poles of a magnet.
 
     Our shyness didn't extend to each other, though, and we were
comfortable and relaxed in each other's company, sharing both our
happy and our sad times.  We shared confidences and told each
other secrets we wouldn't tell our parents.
 
     More than anything else, we shared about how miserable we
were with our shyness and how much we would like to be different.
We tried to bolster our confidences by telling each other how
boys and girls felt about each other.  I would assure her that
boys considered girls somewhat of a mystery and that all she had
to do was act confident around boys and she could get along fine.
Her version about girls was similar to mine about boys.  Even
though we could accept the idea intellectually, we simply
couldn't put it into practice.
 
     Laurie wasn't plain.  To the contrary, she was a knock-out.
She had long blonde hair, soft blue eyes, and a voluptuous body
that a twenty-year-old would have been proud of.  I tried to get
her dates, but I didn't know any boys well enough to get the job
done.  The boys would just make excuses for not taking her out.
 
     Laurie also encouraged me to try to get dates and suggested
some possible girls.  With Laurie standing right next to me, I
called one of the girls.  After several minutes of stuttering and
stammering, though, I excused myself and gave up.  I turned to
Laurie and said, "Well, so much for that.  I wouldn't even know
what to do with a girl even if I did get a date.  I don't even
know how to dance, and I wouldn't begin to know how to kiss a
girl.  I'd just end up being a nerd."
 
     "Danny, you're no nerd, and both you and I know it," Laurie
shot back.  "As far as dancing goes, I do at least know how to
dance and I'll be glad to teach you if you'd like for me to."
 
     "I sure would.  When can we start?"
 
     "How about Saturday?" Laurie said.  "All our folks are going
to be in Bridgeport for the day, and we can have either one of
our houses all to ourselves and play music as loud as we want."
 
     "Sounds great to me.  Why don't we do it here in your house.
Your den is bigger than ours, and the stereo is right there where
we'll need it."
 
     "Oh, Danny, I'm excited about this!  I really like to dance,
and it's going to be fun to teach you how."
 
     "Yeah, me too," I answered.  "I'll be over here Saturday
morning just as soon as the folks leave."
 
     After I got back to my house and thought about the situation
I became even more excited about the prospect.  I had never held
a girl in my arms in my entire life, and even if she was my
cousin, Laurie was a good-looking girl, soft and curvy in the all
the right places.  I realized then that I felt was sexual, and
even though I hadn't thought of Laurie in a sexual way before, I
couldn't help but feel a twinge in my groin at the prospect of
holding her close.  "Yeah, I really AM looking forward to it," I
thought.
 
     That night, as I lay in bed, I thought some more about
Laurie and how it would feel to hold her in my arms.  My cock
lengthened out and crept out of the bottom of my shorts.  I put
my hand on it and slowly worked it out of my shorts so that it
was standing up straight.  It was rock hard and pre-cum was
oozing out of the slit and covering the head.  I worked my hand
up and down, slowly, squeezing it as I went.  I rubbed the pre-
cum all over the head and very lightly on the underside where it
was so sensitive.  Each time I did, it would jump and even more
lubricant would pour out.  Soon my whole cock was coated as I
rubbed my hand up and down, up and down.  I could feel the ten-
sion build as the pleasure mounted.  It reached a point where I
didn't want it ever to end, yet I felt I would die if I didn't
come right then.  And come I did.  Big spurts kept shooting out
and went all over my chest and pooled up on my hands, balls, and
groin area.  I got up quietly, got a towel from the bathroom, and
cleaned myself up.  Then I crawled back into bed and even though
I had never seen a real live naked girl, I dreamt of Laurie
stretched out without any clothes on.
 
     Saturday morning, just as soon as our parents had driven
off, I went over to Laurie's house.  She was dressed in a tee-
shirt and a pair of brief running shorts.  Her hair was combed
back and held in place on her neck with a ribbon.  The shorts
emphasized her tiny waist, and even though her tee-shirt was
large and loose, it failed to conceal that she was bra-less.  For
the first time I was looking at her as a girl, not just my cous-
in.  I realized that she had beautiful, slender legs and that
they led up to perfectly formed buttocks.  Through the slits in
the sides of her shorts I could see the pale blue bottom of what
had to be bikini panties.  Seemingly, she had put on only a
little makeup, but somehow her eyes, high freckled cheekbones,
and full, pouty lips were featured at their best.  In short, I
finally recognized that my cousin Laurie was one of the most
beautiful girls I could ever recall seeing.  If I hadn't myself
experienced it, I would have wondered how a girl as beautiful as
Laurie could ever feel shy around boys.
 
     "Well, Danny, are you ready for me to turn you into a Fred
Astaire?" Laurie asked.
 
     "I'm putty in your hands, teacher," I replied.
 
     "Come on, we'll use the den as our studio," she said, and
led the way down the stairs to the basement den.  As I followed,
I couldn't help but notice the way her buttocks moved inside her
shorts, tick-tocking back and forth.  They were firm and tight,
and it was all I could do to tear my eyes from them when we
reached the bottom.
 
     "Help me move the furniture away," Laurie said, and grabbed
one end of the sofa.  I grabbed the other end and we lifted it a
few feet away.  As we did, Laurie leaned over and the top of her
loose tee-shirt fell down, giving me a clear view all the way to
her waist.  Her breasts were clearly visible, hanging down with
pinkish-brown areolas and nipples.  Even though her breasts
clearly weren't as large as the ones I had seen in Playboy and
Penthouse, they seemed as perfect in real life as they had in my
dream about Laurie.  I would have enjoyed a longer view, but I
had to jerk my eyes way when Laurie looked up so that I wouldn't
embarrass her.
 
     We quickly finished moving the furniture and Laurie went
over and turned on the stereo, putting on a soft-rock CD.  Lean-
ing down, Laurie took hold of my hand, pulling me to my feet, and
said, "Okay, Twinkletoes, it's time to learn how to fast dance."
 
     Surprisingly, learning to fast dance was much easier than I
ever imagined and after about only thirty minutes I was getting
good at it.  What made it even better was dancing with Laurie.
She was a good dancer and the dance steps made every part of her
move.  The best moving parts, though, were her breasts and her
ass.  Without a bra, her breasts moved all around under her shirt
and I had to concentrate to keep from looking only at them.  Her
ass, too, was great.  When she turned, her buttocks seemed to
move independently, sliding up and down alongside each other.
She was clearly enjoying herself, and I was enjoying her enjoying
herself.  I was horny before, but not anything like I felt now.
 
     "You're doing great," Laurie said.  "You can go out on any
dance floor now and hold your own.  Not being able to dance
shouldn't stand in the way of your getting a date anymore."
 
     "That's because I have such a good teacher," I came back.
"But tell me," I said, "how did you learn to dance so well when
your experience with boys has been as limited as mine with
girls?"
 
     "Don't you remember when I took dancing lessons?  Three
years of lessons produced at least something.  As for knowing the
latest steps, I doubt if there is a teenage girl in the country
who doesn't watch American Bandstand to learn how to do the
latest dances.  How do you think boys ever learn?  They learn
from girls, just the way you're learning right now."  Wiping a
sheen of sweat from her forehead, Laurie continued, "But anyway,
that's enough for now.  Let's take a break and drink a Coke.
I'll go up to the fridge and get us some."
 
     I was relieved to see her go.  I had a raging hard-on, and
the pressure inside my Jockey shorts was so intense I was uncom-
fortable.  Without her in sight for a few minutes, maybe it would
go down some.  I stood and walked around, hoping to relieve my
horniness.  It seemed to work, for by the time Laurie got back
with the Cokes, I was down to just a half-hard.
 
     Laurie handed me a Coke and sat down beside me on the sofa.
Both of us were quiet, savoring the coolness of the drinks.  I
finished mine and put it on the end table.  Laurie did the same.
In almost a whisper, Laurie said, "Danny, you said the other day
you didn't know how to kiss a girl.  Is that true?"
 
     "Yeah.  Isn't that something?  Fifteen years old and I've
never kissed a girl.  Has a boy ever kissed you?"
 
     Laurie kind of half-laughed and said, "What do you think?
Of course not, silly.  I'm just like you."  Then her voice turned
soft and serious and she said, "Danny, do you think maybe we
could...er...uh..."
 
     "Teach each other?" I said, finishing the sentence for her.
 
     "Yes," Laurie said softly, blushing just a little.  "Maybe
if we learned from each other we wouldn't feel so self-conscious
about it."
 
     "I think I would like that," I said, and turned to face her
directly.  I put my hand on her shoulder and pulled her toward
me.  We were both a little stiff and awkward at first, but then
sort of melted and leaned in against each other.  Leaning even
further, I softly put my lips against hers and kissed her very
gently.  She pulled back quickly and looked into my eyes.  Then
she leaned forward and put her lips back on mine, reached her arm
around my neck, and pulled up tight against me.  My heart was
pounding in my chest and I could hardly catch my breath.  I
pushed her head against the back of the sofa and pressed my lips
against hers, spreading them just a little.  Our mouths softened
and we rubbed our lips back and forward against the others.  She
was breathing hard, too, and I could feel her heart beating
against my chest.  We held the kiss a long time before finally
breaking away.  By now, my hard-on had returned in full measure
and even with Jockey shorts on, there was a noticeable bulge.  I
hoped that Laurie was naive enough to not notice it .
 
     "Golly, Danny, so that's what kissing is all about.  I see
now why people like to kiss.  I feel all weak and fluttery.  How
did you feel?"
 
     "Exactly the same," I replied.  "Only I could hardly breathe
and my heart beat real fast."
 
     "So did mine, so did mine," Laurie said.  "Well, now that
we've covered fast dancing and kissing, I guess it's time for me
to teach you how to slow dance."
 
     "Okay," I said.  "Is it harder than fast dancing?"
 
     "In some ways it is, and in other ways it isn't.  You have
to learn to coordinate your steps with the person you're dancing
with so that you don't step on each other's feet.  I haven't had
much practice slow dancing, since I haven't danced with a boy
since my lessons last year.  It's like bicycle-riding, though,
and it should come back very quickly."
 
     Laurie put on a slow CD and showed me how to put my hands
and arms to slow dance.  I guess I was a good learner because
after about ten or fifteen minutes we were dancing in perfect
step with each other.  We had started out standing about six
inches apart, but gradually we had moved closer together.  The
song that was playing then was a slow ballad and about all we had
to do was to sway to the music.  She put her head on my shoulder
and leaned her cheek up against mine.
 
     What space there had been between us was now completely gone
and I could feel her press against me from cheek to toe.  Her
breasts were pressed against my chest and could feel the nipples
through our tee-shirts.  They were like little nubbins trying to
bore a hole through the fabric.  I found it hard to breathe just
as when I kissed her.  My heart was beating a thunderous tattoo.
Hers was doing the same, because I could feel it against my
chest.
 
     "Umm, this is nice," Laurie said.  "You're a dreamy dancer."
She pressed her hips even harder against mine and I could feel
the area at the juncture of her thighs press against my groin
area.  My hard-on was beating like my heart, and I was fearful
she would be able to feel it.
 
     Laurie pulled her head back and whispered, "Oh, Danny, this
is so nice.  I'm glad I'm with you right now."
 
     It was too much to resist.  I put my lips down to hers and
kissed her deeply.  The kiss was soft at first, but then I could
feel her lips spread apart as I spread mine.  I tentatively put
my tongue between my lips and touched her lips with it.  She
spread her lips even further and pressed them harder against
mine.  The tip of her tongue came out and touched the tip of
mine.  It was like an electric current, tingling and flowing
between the two of us.  I pushed my tongue into her mouth and
hers played games with it, twirling around and around it, curling
and almost dueling it.  Her hips pressed even harder against
mine, and I put my hands down on her buttocks, caressing them and
pulling her in even closer.  She moaned softly into my mouth and
her ass trembled and shuddered.  There was no doubt but that she
could clearly feel my hard-on.
 
     Laurie pulled away from me slightly, looked me full in the
face, and in a little-girl voice said, "Danny, is that what's
called an erection?"
 
     Embarrassed, I whispered, "Yes.  But guys call it a hard-
on."
 
     Laurie put her head back on my shoulder and said, "Oh,
Danny, who am I fooling.  I want to learn about boys so maybe I
can get dates and know how to behave on them, but all I'm finding
out is how little I know.  I hardly know anything about boys and
sex.  All I know is what I learned in Sex-Ed, and that's darned
little.  Just a few fuzzy pictures in books.  How ever in the
world can I expect to succeed with boys when I know so little."
 
     "Well, I'm in the same boat," I said.  "I didn't even take
Sex-Ed, and all I've ever seen are pictures in Playboy and Pent-
house.  And I know full well most girls I might be dating won't
look like that.  The only girl I know who is that pretty is you."
 
     Laurie laid her head back on my should and said, "You always
say nice things to me, Danny, and I appreciate it, but you know
that's not so.  My boobs don't even come close to matching those
of the girls in those pictures.  Just for that, you'll have to
kiss me again like you did before.  I think I really like kissing
a lot."  Laurie turned her face back to me and with her hand
behind my head brought my lips down to hers.  Her tongue immedi-
ately snaked out and brushed across my lips and then into my
mouth.  She caressed all parts of my mouth and rubbed her tongue
all over mine.  Her hips pushed back against mine and began a
circular rubbing motion over my groin area.  I was so horny I
thought I would come in my pants right there.  My hard-on
throbbed, and all it would have taken is just one or two strokes
to bring me off to a crashing orgasm.  This time it was my turn
to moan in her mouth and for my hips to jerk spasmodically.
 
     Laurie broke the kiss, and putting her mouth close to my
ear, very softly said, "Danny, since we seem to have done well
teaching each other how to kiss, do you think maybe we might be
able to teach each other some other things?"
 
     I could barely get out an answer.  "Ummmm...yesssss," I
whispered into her ear and pulled her even closer against me.  I
put my hands on her back and rubbed it and then lowered them to
the top of her shorts.  Slipping the tips of my fingers inside, I
felt the top of her panties.  They felt smooth and silky.  I
moved my fingers under the panties and down on to her buttocks.
They were smooth and just as tight and firm as I had imagined
when I had been so enraptured by them earlier.  I could feel the
juncture between them, and I felt all the way down the crack
until I came to the bottom.  I was amazed to find her wet and
slick, like someone had rubbed warmed K-Y Jelly over that part of
her.  I could feel the crotch of her panties and they were damp
in the same way.
 
     Her legs trembled so much she could hardly stand.  Her
stomach jerked against me in little movements as my hands delved
her nether parts.  She moaned softly and grasped my neck hard
with both hands.  Moving her head from side to side, she found my
lips and put her open mouth over them.  I opened my mouth and our
tongues and moans mingled together.
 
     I lifted her by her ass, and sustaining the kiss all the
way, carried her to the sofa and laid her down.  I knelt on the
floor next to her and continued the kiss.  One of her hands
fondled the back of my neck and the other one raced up and down
my back, finally stopping on my ass.  She began to caress it the
same way I had played with hers.  I had never thought of my ass
being an erogenous area, but her light touches brought waves of
pleasure.
 
     Moving my hand to her waist, I gently tugged her tee-shirt
out of her shorts until the whole front of it was free.  I put my
hand under the fabric and could feel the silky feel of the skin
across her stomach and the area below her ribcage.  She shivered
and drew in her breath as I lightly ran my fingers back and
forth.  I moved my hand upward until I could feel the underside
of her breast.  My whole palm went to this area, and I squeezed,
almost imperceptibly.  She felt it, though, because she arched
her back a little to move the breast into my hand.  I moved my
fingers up even more and came to her nipple and areola.  The
nipple was extended and rigid, and the areola was covered by tiny
goosebumps.  Laurie gasped as I gently stroked the nipple, moving
in circles around and over it.  She arched her back even more and
made little mewling sounds into my mouth.  I moved my hand back
down to the hem of her shirt and pulled the whole shirt up,
completely exposing both breasts.  My hand moved back to her
breasts and roved back and forth between them, fondling one and
then moving to the other and gently stroking and rubbing the
nipples of each.
 
     Breaking the kiss, I moved my lips down to her neck and
softly kissed and sucked on this area.  Finally, lifting my head,
I looked down on the first real live breasts I had ever seen.
They weren't the huge mammaries of some of the Playboy models,
but to my virgin's eyes, they were more perfect than Madonna,
Gina Lollobrigida, and Sophia Loren all wrapped into one.  They
were about the size of half a cantaloupe, standing firm, without
any sag.  The nipples were erect, standing out like little pencil
erasers.  The area around the nipples was flushed and covered
with goosebumps.
 
     Without volition, I lowered my head until my mouth was over
the right breast.  I extended my tongue and brushed it lightly
across the nipple.  Laurie arched her back again and sighed,
"Ooooohhh, Dannieeeee..."  I moved my mouth over to the other
nipple and treated it the same.  Placing my hand on one breast, I
gently squeezed it and rubbed the nipple while I took the whole
nipple area of the other one into my mouth.  I sucked on the
nipple and ran my tongue over it like a cat licking its fur.
Laurie shivered and sighed again.
 
     As Laurie arched her back, she moved one leg off the sofa
and rested her foot on the floor.  This caused her legs to part,
opening her thighs and stretching the crotch of her shorts wide.
I dropped one hand down to her exposed knee and ran my fingers up
and down her thigh from knee to juncture of her legs.  I could
feel her buttocks strain upward and her legs move even further
apart each time I reached the area near her crotch.  I slowly
moved my fingers up to where they were at the hem of her shorts.
Finger tips first and then my whole hand slipped up into one leg
of the shorts.  My finger tips were right under the crotch of her
shorts and I could feel the panties that covered the goal of my
exploring.  The whole crotch area of the panties were soaked and
the outside felt slick and hot as I stroked my fingers backward
and forward.  I pressed even harder and felt the lips of her
pussy through the fabric.
 
     I moved my fingers under the edge of her panties and found
that she was wet and slick just like her ass had been.  I delved
even further and felt soft hair and the lips and crease of her
pussy.  I dipped a finger tip into the crease and found it wet,
slick, and hot.  Stroking even further, I found a little nub and
rubbed this.  Laurie went wild, jerking her hips up and down.
Fearful of the reaction, I plumbed further and found the treasure
I had been seeking.  My finger moved into a hot, slick cavity.  I
pushed it in even further and felt the walls around my finger
pulsate and almost grab at my finger.  With what little motion
her panties allowed, I stroked my finger in and out.  Laurie
strained her hips up to me, reciprocating stroke for stroke.
 
     Moving my finger out of the hole, I went back to the little
nubbin I had felt earlier.  I rubbed my finger across it very,
very gently, fearful of hurting her.  "Oh, yesssss...Danny.
That's the spot.  Just keep doing that.  Please, please, don't
stop," Laurie whispered almost incoherently.
 
     Laurie began to jerk her hips up and down against my hand.
Her moans filled the whole den and flooded all my senses.  "Oh,
Danny...Oh, Danny...Oh, Danny," she repeated over and over again.
Finally, she lifted her whole body off the sofa, arching her
back, with every muscle straining against my hand.  Her whole
body shook and she screamed out, "Yesss...Oh, Danny, yesssss..."
Relaxing, she slowly fell back against the cushions.  She contin-
ued shuddering, with the shudders slowly diminishing until she
was totally still.
 
 She opened her eyes, looked up at me, and said, "Oh, Danny, I
didn't have any idea anything could be that good.  I've never
felt anything that good before."
 
 
                                Chapter II
 
 
     Laurie lay there on the sofa, eyes half-closed, totally
relaxed.  Her running shorts were pulled slightly aside, the hem
of her tee-shirt was up to her neck, and her legs were spread
apart.  To me, she was the most beautiful, sensual girl in the
world.  I wanted to see more of her, though.  I wanted to see her
as I saw her in my dream:  stretched out with nothing at all on.
 
     She opened her eyes wide and looked up at me.  "I didn't
know anything could feel that good.  Thank you for doing that to
me.  Now I know what girls mean when they talk about 'coming'."
 
     Seeing Laurie reclined like that, I couldn't help but say,
"Do you know I dreamed about you the other night?"
 
     "You did?"  Pleased, Laurie asked, "What was the dream
about?"
 
     "Well, you were stretched out like you are now, but you were
completely nude.  Not one stitch of clothes or shoes."
 
     She was silent for a moment, thinking of what I said.  Then
in a small, soft voice she said, "Would you like for me to make
your dream come true?"
 
     "Yes," I whispered.  Laurie then sat up and in one sweeping
motion pulled her tee-shirt over her head.  She stood up and was
reaching for her shorts when I stopped her.  "Wait, Laurie.
Please, let me do that."
 
     Laurie looked puzzled, but then she smiled softly.  "Yes,"
she said very slowly, "that would be nice.  I would like for you
to finish undressing me."
 
     I gently pressed Laurie back down on the sofa, then down
onto her back.  I took off her shoes and socks slowly, running my
hand up her calf and thigh after each sock and each shoe.  Her
breathing became faster and her thighs quivered slightly with
each stroke.
 
     Then there was just her shorts and panties to go.  When they
went, not only would my dream come true, not only would I be
seeing my first live nude woman, but I would be seeing in totali-
ty the most beautiful girl I knew.  My hands trembled and my
heart beat faster as I reached for the waist of her shorts.  I
took hold of them and gently started tugging them down.  They
stuck when they reached her buttocks, but Laurie helped by lift-
ing herself so the shorts could finish sliding down.  Finally,
down to her feet, then off and on to the floor.  Now, only her
panties were left.
 
     Her panties were just as I had imagined--pale blue bikini,
cut high in the hips with a French cut.  The whole crotch area
was soaked and was almost completely transparent.  I could see
swirls of pubic hair and I could dimly see the crease that split
the three-inch splay between her legs.  I could smell Laurie,
too.  A rich, musky, but still pleasant odor welled up from her.
For the first time, I experienced the aphrodisiac aroma of a
woman sexually aroused, a woman in heat.
 
     I tugged further at the silken panties, pulling them down in
the same way I had done the shorts.  Slowly, they came down, inch
by inch, revealing Laurie's softly rounded tummy.  The first curl
of pubic hair appeared, then a whole swatch.  My hands shook as I
pulled the fabric down even more.  There it was--the beginning of
the crease between Laurie's legs, the swollen lips of her satu-
rated pussy that the view through her panties had only hinted of.
I tugged the panties down more, down to her thighs.  Her whole
pussy was there right in front of my face.  I paused, taking in
the vision, reveling in the sight and smell of Laurie's sexual
core.
 
     I came back to my senses then and pulled the panties down
over her legs and feet, caressing the thighs and legs as I went.
I wadded up the panties and put them to my nose, closing my eyes
and taking in the heady aroma.  It truly was an aphrodisiac.  My
cock was already throbbing in my jeans, but the musky smell made
it spurt out even more pre-cum.  Laurie's panties had been
soaked, but my Jockey shorts were even worse.  A spot was soaking
through the front of my jeans, and the whole inside area around
my cock and balls felt wet and hot and slick.
 
     I dropped the panties to the floor and just continued to
kneel there, my senses almost overcome by the sight of Laurie
totally revealed.  One leg had dropped to the floor, leaving her
vulva area spread apart.  The lips and valley between were shiny,
glistening with her secretions.  Her pubic hair was arranged in a
swirling pattern, damp and still pressed to her skin from her
panties.  The curls were blonde, perfectly matching the hair
streaming over her shoulders.  The little nubbin that had given
her so much pleasure was barely visible at the top of the lips.
It looked swollen and ripe and was a deeper color than the sur-
rounding area.
 
     My eyes traveled upward, to her softly mounded belly, to the
area just below her ribcage where the rapid beating of her heart
showed on the surface.  My vision crept up even more, and there
were her breasts.  Round, white, with nipples standing erect and
little bumps speckling the brownish-pink circles of her areolas.
Her breasts blended into her neck with a flow that was like
music.  Her barely-cleft chin added a counter-point to her mouth,
lips damp and slightly open as she breathed rapidly.  Then her
eyes--round, blue, soft and languid.  For a long moment I stared
with awe and wonder into those eyes and she returned my gaze,
silently.  She broke the silence with words.  In almost a whisper
she said, "Do I look like your dream?"
 
     "No," I whispered back.  "You look a hundred...no, a thou-
sand times better than in my dream.  There, you just existed in
my imagination.  Here, you're real, right in front of my eyes,
right where I can feel and touch you."
 
     I reached down and lightly stroked her belly mound and the
area under her breasts.  "Even in my dreams, I never realized a
girl's body could be so beautiful.  Can I look closer, Laurie?
Can I explore?  I want to find out all about a girl's body."
 
     Laurie kind of half-smiled and said, "Okay, but only on the
condition that I get my turn with you.  Is that a promise?"
 
     Her words made my heart beat even more rapidly.  "My God," I
thought, "she wants to do me like I'm doing her, and she's asking
my permission."  It was my turn to smile now.  "Yes, Laurie,
that's a promise."
 
     I knelt between her legs and spread them apart so that I
could see right into the area between them.  I could see all her
pussy and down into the crack between the globes of her buttocks.
Her little brown rosette nestled there between those cheeks.  I
took my hands and spread the lips of her pussy even further
apart.  I realized it was more complex than I had imagined,
composed of several folds and sets of lips.  Down near the bottom
I could just see the opening into her cavity, the place where I
had had my finger earlier.  At the top of the lips was that
special little nubbin, her ultra-sensitive clitoris.  The whole
area was wet and coated in a slippery fluid.  I ran my finger up
and down the crease, feeling the wetness and slipperiness.  I put
one finger into the cavity and slowly pushed it in to past the
knuckle.  I pushed it the rest of the way so that it was totally
inserted into her.  The cavity was slick, just like the outside,
and warm.  I pushed the finger in and out and the walls of the
cavity seemed to cling to my finger, as though they wanted to
take it captive.
 
     I added a second finger to the first and pushed them in and
out, twisting them slightly.  As I did, some of her slippery
secretion flowed out of the cavity, coating my fingers and drip-
ping down so that it ran down the crack between her buttocks.
Laurie moaned softly as I did this.  "Does that hurt, Laurie?" I
asked in alarm.
 
     "Noooo...," Laurie said in a choked voice, "that doesn't
hurt at all.  You don't need to stop."  I realized then that she
wasn't hurting at all, but was getting as turned on as I was.  It
was as new and exciting to her as it was to me, and she was
getting sexually aroused like me.
 
     I had heard about boys eating pussy and had wondered what
made them want to do something like that.  With my face so close
to Laurie's pussy, with the sensation of the touch and smell of
it, I realized what made it so attractive.  I withdrew my fingers
from her and lightly rubbed my thumb over her clitoris.  She
gasped, moving her hips up and down just slightly.  I took my
fingers and spread the lips of her pussy wide apart and, bending
my head closer, pushed my tongue out and lightly stroked her
nubbin with it.  With a sharp intake of breath, she hunched her
center up to me.
 
     "Danny, what ARE you doing?"
 
     "I'm teaching you what it's like to have a boy eat you."
 
     "Oh, God, Danny, I've heard about eating, but I never
thought it would happen to me.  If that was a sample, I don't
know whether I'll be able to stand it."
 
     "Well, I've never done it before, Laurie, so I don't know
whether I'm doing it right or not."
 
     "Nothing could be more right than what you just did."
 
     I put my mouth back between Laurie's legs and stroked my
tongue up and down.  I ran my lips up one side, caressing the
swollen pussy lip.  Then I went down the other side, suckling and
licking.  I extended my tongue as far as it would go and bored it
into the cavity down below.  I made love to her with my tongue,
pushing in and out, twisting my head from side to side.  Slowly,
I pulled my tongue out of the soaking hole and pressing it so it
was broad and fat ran it up and down, right in the middle of her
crease.  I covered the area all around her vaginal opening,
alternating pressure and light, fluttering strokes.
 
     I lifted Laurie's legs and put them over my shoulders so I
could have completely uninhibited access to the center of her
sex.  I reached up and caressed her breasts, rubbing my thumbs
lightly over and around the nipples.  Laurie was moaning almost
constantly, a low crooning sound of pure pleasure.  With her legs
draped down my back, she pulled me in even closer.  Her thighs
squeezed and unsqueezed against the sides of my head, in perfect
harmony with the actions of my mouth and tongue.
 
     I lifted Laurie up higher and moved my mouth down to her
little brown star.  It was coated with her secretions, just like
my face and all the area of her sexual center.  I extended my
tongue and rubbed it lightly over the wrinkled surface.  "Oh,
God, Danny!  Uuuuhhh...Dannieeee..."  Laurie moaned, wrapping her
legs completely around my neck and squeezing.  I shaped my tongue
into a little spear and delved the wrinkles until I found the
center.  Twisting my tongue around and around, I worked a space
for it to finally enter.  Laurie kept squeezing and softly croon-
ing as I paid homage to her little nether spot.
 
     Gently lowering Laurie, I moved back up to her vaginal
cavity, using my tongue like I imagined I would use my cock if it
were in her.  I made it as long and slender as possible and
pushed it into her and out, using a slow twisting motion.  At the
same time, I rubbed my thumb over the opening I had just aban-
doned, lightly rubbing her anal opening in small circles.  Her
hips seemed to have a mind of their own, undulating up and down
as I ministered to their center.
 
     To now I had just barely touched her clitoris.  I was get-
ting much pleasure from what I was doing and I didn't want to
chance it's premature end.  I had already seen how sensitive her
nubbin was, and I was fearful that attention to it would bring on
her orgasm and an end to my pleasure.  Laurie was not to be
denied, though.  She moved her hips so that the nubbin was right
under my tongue and I had to pay attention to it.
 
     At the same time, I moved my fingers back to her vaginal
opening.  I inserted two fingers into the hole and stroked them
in and out.  I sucked her nubbin up between my lips and ran the
tip of my tongue over it.  I could feel where the nubbin's little
sheath had pulled back and its ultra-sensitive head protruded.  I
concentrated on this area, using the lightest strokes I could
manage.  Laurie started trembling all over, her legs pulling
around my neck in spasms.  She moved her hands down to my head,
stroking my hair, making love to me with her hands.  Her moan
continued, soft and whispery, and then she started chanting, very
softly, "So good...so good...soooo goooddd..."
 
     Suddenly, Laurie clamped her legs around my neck, arched her
back, and strained against my mouth.  I could feel her pussy
pulsating against my fingers inside, and then it clamped down on
them, holding them in a vise grip.  Laurie moaned, "Oh, God, I'm
coming, I'm coming, I'm commmmmminnnnnggggg."
 
     Small convulsions wracked her abdomen, and her stomach,
buttocks, and thighs shuddered.  They seemed to go on and on as
her orgasm continued in wave after wave.  The leg-clamp she had
on my head relaxed little by little, and I moved my tongue
through her crease and over her clitoris very slowly and lightly,
matching pace with her orgasm's slide down from peak.  Gradually,
her legs relaxed and she unwrapped them from around my neck and
let them fall back down on my back.  I took them from my shoul-
ders and gently put them back on the sofa.  Laurie lay there
totally spent, absolutely still, savoring the slowly ebbing
after-shocks of her orgasm.
 
     From between her legs I gazed at her and was filled with a
mixture of both pride and pleasure.  The realization that I was
the one responsible for her pleasure, the knowledge that it was
possible for me to give so much pleasure to a girl, thrilled me
and filled me with awe.  I had been so worried about how I would
act with a girl if given the opportunity, and now I had the
assurance that I could give pleasure in its fullest measure.
 
     Laurie's tremors had stopped and she now lay completely
still.  Her eyelids fluttered open and she smiled weakly at me.
"Oh, God, Danny, I can't even begin to tell you how that felt.  I
thought I had to be in heaven.  And you said you didn't know how
it was done."
 
     "I guess that sort of thing just comes natural.  Besides, I
had you to inspire me.  I can't imagine that anyone could look
more beautiful and sexy than you."
 
     "There you go again, Danny, and I love every word of it.
You still have to kiss me for saying it, though."
 
     She held out her arms to me and I knelt over her, moving my
lips down to hers.  One arm went on my shoulder and caressed the
back of my neck.  The other went around my back and lightly
stroked.  Our mouths blended together, wet and open.  Her tongue
was the aggressor, moving under my lips, under my tongue, and all
around it.  Her vaginal juices were all over my face and in my
mouth and I knew she could taste them the same as I had.  As we
broke the kiss, she reached out and licked all around my mouth,
trying to get even more of them.
 
     Then Laurie stirred.  She put her hands to my chest and with
the soft smile she had used before, pushed me away gently, say-
ing, "Now it's time for you to keep your promise."
 
     "I always keep my promises," I said, smiling back at her.
"What do you want me to do?"
 
     "Trade places with me, so that I can do you just like you
did me.  I want to get you naked and look at you and explore
everything there is about you."  She pushed at me even harder and
then slipping around to my side stood up.  She reached down for
my hands and stood me up right against the sofa.  Then she pushed
me so that I had to sit down.  She stood there, completely nude
and unselfconscious, and reached down for my tee-shirt.  She
pulled it up, and I put my hands over my head so that she could
pull it free.  Putting her hands back on my chest, she gently
pushed me down so that I lay supine on the sofa.
 
     She moved to my feet and removed one loafer and then the
other.  Then the socks, one at a time.  She stroked her hand up
my leg until it reached my crotch and then gently rubbed her hand
across the bulge of my hard-on.  I gasped loudly and moaned, "Oh,
God, Laurie, do that much more and I'm gonna go off in my pants."
 
     She withdrew her hand and put it on the top button of my
jeans.  She couldn't get it loose with one hand and had to put
both hands down to undo it.  Her nipples rubbed against mine and
little electric sparks of pleasure shot through them.  I realized
that being horny made a man's nipples erogenous just like a
woman's.  Seeing the goosebumps come up around my nipples, she
lowered her head and licked across each one, slowly and sensual-
ly.  I couldn't help but moan "Ummmmmm" as she did.
 
     At last she got the button undone and reached for the tab to
the zipper.  She found it and slowly lowered the zipper to the
bottom.  She rubbed across my crotch in the process and my cock
quivered and oozed out more pre-cum into my already soaked under-
wear.  She rubbed her hand back up the bulge as she reached for
the top of my jeans, enjoying the exquisite pleasure she knew she
was giving me.
 
     She tugged and struggled to get my jeans down.  I lifted my
bottom from off the sofa to give her room to pull them from my
hips.  At last they were down to my thighs and she was able to
easily take them off the rest of the way.  I now lay there naked
but for my Jockey shorts.  They bulged out even further with the
restriction of the jeans removed, and my hard-on made a tent of
their front.  I looked down, and even though the shorts were
white, I could see the whole front and crotch of them was soaked
with my pre-seminal flow.
 
     Laurie traced her hand slowly up my bare leg to the edge of
my shorts.  Her touch was light and fluttering and I gasped as
the fingers barely touched the sensitive area high on the inside
of my thigh.  She dipped the tips of a couple of fingers under
the edge of the shorts and rubbed them very lightly against
underside of my balls.  My hips jerked up in a pleasure reaction
and I moaned again.
 
     Then her hands moved to the top of my Jockey shorts and I
knew she would soon be seeing a sight.  They came down easier
than my jeans, and I only had to lift my ass slightly to get them
past my buttocks.  My hard-on was major obstruction, though, and
Laurie had to lift the shorts high to get them over my balls and
rigid, tumescent cock.  She strained and jerked them down in one
motion.  My cock, restrained for so long now, leapt up and stood
there, quivering up and down with little movements in time with
my heartbeat.
 
     Laurie froze, her hands still, as she whispered, "Oh, my
God!  Sex-Ed didn't show this.  It's beautiful."
 
     Hardly taking her eyes off my cock, she drew my shorts down
and over my feet.  She felt how damp they were and said, "Your
underwear is wet just like my panties were.  Do boys get wet like
girls do?"
 
     "Yeah.  It's almost the same.  When a boy get horny and gets
a hard-on, pre-cum comes out.  It's like a lubricant.  It makes
it easier to put it inside a girl.  I've had a hard-on for almost
an hour now, and I've almost soaked my shorts."  While I was
saying this, some more pre-cum oozed out the head of my cock and
ran in a rivulet down the head.  Laurie moved up between my legs,
dropped to her knees, reached out a finger and touched the glis-
tening bead of liquid.  She smeared it around on the head with a
little circular motion.  My hips jerked involuntarily and I
gasped at the touch.
 
     "Oh, I'm sorry, Danny," Laurie said.  "Did that hurt?"
 
     "No, no, it didn't hurt.  It felt good, real good.  It's
just that I've gotten so horny seeing you naked and touching you
and seeing you go off that I'm right on the verge of going off
myself.  It would take hardly anything to make me come right
now."
 
     Laurie's eyes widened and she asked, "What does a boy do
when he comes?  Does stuff come out your penis like they said in
Sex-Ed?"
 
     "Yes.  Jism shoots out the end.  It comes out in spurts.
It's what contains sperm, the stuff that makes girls pregnant."
 
     "Yeah, we learned about that in Sex-Ed.  Teacher told us
that if a girl doesn't want to get pregnant she should never have
intercourse unless the boy wears a condom.  Or be on the pill."
 
     "Yeah, that's so.  Only we boys call them rubbers, not
condoms."
 
     It looked like Laurie couldn't keep her hands off me, and
she ran her hands up and down my thighs from my knees up to where
they just barely touched my balls.  She stared at my cock as she
did so, seemingly mesmerized by it.  Finally, she spoke, and
asked softly, "What makes a boy come, makes him shoot the stuff
out the end?"
 
     "Well, the best way for a boy is to put inside a girl.  Boys
dream about fucking girls so they can get off.  From what I've
heard boys say, though, getting off orally is as good if not
better than fucking.  That's where the girl puts it in her mouth
and sucks on it until he gets off.  That's called eating it."
 
     "Yeah, I've heard girls in gym class brag about eating their
boy friends."
 
     "Then there's always a hand-job.  Touching a cock and rub-
bing a hand up and down on it makes it go off, too," I said.
"When you touched it while ago, I was afraid I was gonna lose it
right then."
 
     Laurie reached out a hand and touched my cock with the tip
of her fingers and ran them up and down from the wet, glistening
head to its base.  "Danny, I want to see you go off.  Can I give
you a...what did you call it...a hand-job?"
 
     "Oh, yesss...  It won't take much, I'm so close to coming
right now."
 
     "Tell me how to do it.  I want to do it right.  I want you
to feel as good as you made me feel."
 
     "Just wrap your hand around it and move the skin up and
down.  Get some of that juice on the end and smear it all over
it.  That makes it feel even better.  This area right here, right
under the head, is the most sensitive," I said, pointing to the
area on the underside of the glans.
 
     She ran her finger tips through the drops of pre-cum on the
head and smeared them all over my cock.  Wrapping her hand very
gently around the shaft, she made little movements up and down.
God, it felt good.  I couldn't keep from thrusting my hips up and
down to move my cock inside her hand.  Sensing that I wanted more
movement, she began sliding her hand up and down, all the way
from the top to the bottom.  Each time she moved over the top,
more pre-cum oozed out and provided greater lubrication.  I guess
it was natural instinct that made her do it, but she put her
other hand on my balls and stroked them lightly, causing pleasure
to radiate through me.  I closed my eyes and gave myself over to
the pleasure she was giving me.
 
     I wanted it to last forever, but nature couldn't be delayed
any longer.  Moaning, I thrust my hips up and down and arched my
back.  My hips strained up against her hand and the explosion
came.  The first spurt must have gone three feet into the air,
flying upward and landing on my chest.  More spurts came and ran
down over her hand, falling to my stomach and thighs.  Gradually,
the flow slowed and only a few drops flowed out.  She kept work-
ing her hand, carrying me through the orgasm and beyond.  Slowly
I dropped my hips to the sofa, relaxing until even the small
tremors subsided.
 
     Laurie released my cock and rubbed her hands through the
come that lay spattered across my body.  God, even that felt good
when she did it.  She raised her hand, still dripping with come,
and put it to her nose to take in the odor of my jism.  She stuck
out her tongue and ran it through some come and took it into her
mouth.  Satisfied that she knew how come smelled and tasted, she
put the hand back down on my stomach and rubbed the come around
in circles.  "God, Danny," she said, "you really made a mess.
Let me go get a cloth so I can clean us up."
 
     I watched her walk to the bathroom, her hips swaying, her
ass even more sexy than the way she looked in her shorts.  My
cock had shrunk a little after I shot off, but seeing Laurie's
ass made it come back to its full rigidity.  Five minutes after
coming, and I was horny all over again!
 
     Laurie came back in a few minutes with a warm, wet cloth.
She had cleaned the jism off her hands and was going to give me a
clean-up now.  She took the cloth and washed the come that
smeared my legs, stomach, and chest.  Then she started on my cock
and balls.  The warmth and friction of the cloth made my cock
start throbbing again.  Laurie was enjoying ministering to my
needs and sensed the effect it was having on me.  Stroking my
cock, she said, "I thought a boy's penis...er, cock...is supposed
to go down after he has an orgasm."
 
     "Well, usually it does," I answered.  "I was horny for long
ahead of time, though, and seeing your sexy behind as you walked
out while ago has made me horny all over again.  I guess once
just wasn't enough."
 
     She continued to stroke my cock and said, "Well, if I'm the
one responsible for this monster, then I guess I'll just have to
be the one to tame it."  Mimicking the words I spoken to her
earlier, she said, "Now it's time for you to find out how it
feels to be eaten by a girl."  She lowered her head, opened her
mouth, and took about half my cock into her mouth.  Her tongue
swirled around on the head and then moved down to that most
sensitive part under the head.  She moved her head up and down,
imitating the motion she had recently made with her hand.  She
moved up so that only the head was in her mouth and sucked on it
like it was a lollipop.  Taking the cock out of her mouth, she
swirled her tongue over the head, and then up and down the sides.
 
     The pleasure she was giving me was beyond even my wildest
imagination.  My hips pushed upward and the muscles in my but-
tocks and thighs strained against her.  I put my hands down to
her hair and stroked her head.  Through clenched teeth, I moaned
out, "Ohhh...Laurie...Ohhh, that's sooo good."  She must have
remembered how I reacted to having her touch my balls because she
moved her mouth down to them and ran the tip of her tongue over
the balls in light circles.  While doing this, her hand was
moving up and down my cock, giving me pleasure on both my cock
and my balls.
 
     While her tongue was playing with my balls and her hand with
my cock, her other hand was busy too.  It moved to my buttocks
and to the crease between them.  The fingers stroked along the
crease and then down to its bottom, to the anal area.  One finger
stroked across my anus and it was like sparks shooting through
me.  Laurie felt the reaction, and rubbed in tiny circles over
the crinkled spot.  She took some saliva and pre-cum that had run
down my crease and wet her finger and my anus with it.  Then she
moved the finger to the center of my anus and pressed in.  Slowly
the finger penetrated.  I couldn't believe the pleasure it gave.
She withdrew the finger and rubbed the surface some more.
 
     My hips were jerking upward and I was grunting and moaning
in pleasure at the same time.  The pleasure kept mounting, and I
could feel myself reach a point where it was almost too much to
endure.  Laurie abandoned my balls and engulfed my cock back into
her mouth.  She took as much of it in as she could, well over
half of it.  Her cheeks caved in from the suction, and she sucked
and used her tongue in an unbelievable way.  "Oh, Laurie," I
moaned, "I'm gonna come!  I gonna come right now!"
 
     I thought she would take it out of her mouth and finish me
off with her hands, but she didn't.  Instead, she tried to swal-
low more of it, and started sucking even harder.  It was too
much.  I crashed over the edge.  My hips jerked, my back arched,
and I pressed my whole groin area up the center of pleasure in
Laurie's mouth.  Then the wave hit me and my cock started spas-
ming, jetting streams of come out into Laurie's mouth.  She
gulped, trying to swallow all of it.  She got a lot of it down,
but I could feel some bubble out of her mouth and run down on my
stomach and balls.  I thought that I would have been out of come
from the last orgasm, but there apparently much more stored up.
 
     The spasms lessened and slowly my cock began to shrink,
after all this time finally to go down.  Laurie kept it in her
mouth until it was small and flaccid and then slowly eased it out
with her tongue.  Some jism dripped on it as she did.  She raised
her head, and looked up at me, a soft smile on her face.  Her
lips were coated with come, little drops of it were at the cor-
ners of her mouth, and a drop of it dribbled from her chin.  "Oh,
God, Laurie, that was unbelievable.  I know my orgasm must have
been better than yours because I DID go to heaven."
 
     "Nothing could have been better than mine," Laurie said.
"Maybe as good, but not better."  She moved up my body, kissing
me on the chest, and then full on the lips.  I tasted myself the
same way she had tasted herself.  A feeling of sheer concupis-
cence flowed through me from the pure sensuality of such a kiss.
 
     We lay there on the sofa together:  naked, satiated, spent
lovers.  We relaxed and kissed slowly, enjoying the afterglow of
pleasures.  We probably would have dozed, awoke, and made love
again if the phone hadn't have rung.  We jumped, startled by the
unexpected sound.  Laurie answered it and made a face at me as
she talked.  She hung up the phone and said, "Darn!  Darn, darn!
That was Aunt Betty.  It seems that Mom asked her to check on us
and she's on the way over here to be sure we get fed today.  We'd
better get dressed, and you'd better go over to your house until
she gets here.  We sure don't want anyone thinking we've
been...er, been doing the things we just did."
 
     "No.  Not with our straight-laced folks," I answered.
 
     "Oh, Danny, I'm sorry.  I thought we would have more time
today.  There's still a lot more I want to know, more questions I
want to ask you.  Maybe even some more...uh, some
more...show-and-tell," she said finally, with just a hint of a
smile.  "Do you think maybe later on...maybe later on we could
have some more...maybe some more...uh, dancing lessons?"
 
     I was thrilled by her question.  I had wanted to suggest
that we continue our exploration, but didn't want to risk the
good thing already going.  She had taken it out my hands, though,
and paved the way by suggesting it herself.  "Yeah, Laurie, I
would really like that.  I would like some more...dancing les-
sons."
 
     "I'll see if I can find out when our folks are going to be
out of town again.  I'll want to make sure we're here alone.  Now
I'm going to take a quick shower, and you need to run home and do
the same.  I'll call you when Aunt Betty gets here and has a meal
ready."
 
     With Laurie standing there, I quickly got back into my jeans
and tee-shirt.  "I'll see you later," I said, turning back to
her.  No word was spoken, but we leaned forward and kissed light-
ly before heading in our different directions.
 
 
 
                             Chapter III
 
 
     After leaving Laurie's house, I went home and showered and
changed clothes.  The telephone rang about an hour later, and
pretending I didn't know about Aunt Betty's being there, Laurie
invited me over for dinner.  The three of us had dinner together,
and then Laurie and I volunteered to clean up the kitchen and put
the dishes in the dishwasher.  During dinner and even now Laurie
seemed to sparkle with a new animation.  There was a glow about
her that hadn't shown before, and it was very becoming.
 
     Laurie had put on pants and a blouse that complemented the
blue of her eyes, and her appearance together with this aspect of
her personality made her even more desirable.  I ached to reach
out and hold her in my arms just as she had been only a short
time before down in the den.  I whispered to her so that Aunt
Betty couldn't possible hear, "Laurie, maybe it's that outfit you
have on, but I've never seen you look prettier.  God, Laurie,
you're more than pretty, right now you're absolutely beautiful."
 
     Laurie leaned toward me, lightly brushed her lips across
mine, and with a little soft, almost secret, smile whispered
back, "Maybe you're just now really seeing me as a girl.  Anyway,
you've got to quit saying things like that when other people are
around."  Then with an impish smile, she said, "That keeps me
from collecting my penance."
 
     "Okay, I promise to be good," I whispered, smiling back.
 
     "And you always keep your promises," she whispered, laughing
softly into my ear.  Turning serious, she continued, "I really
mean it, Danny.  We have to be careful and act just like we
always do.  We can't give anyone ideas about us."
 
     "Yeah.  You're right, I know.  I really do promise I'll
watch myself."
 
     The three of us watched television in the den for a couple
of hours, and then I decided I had better go home and get ready
for bed.  I had been home for about thirty minutes when all our
folks drove up.  I listened to stories about Bridgeport for a
while and then turned in.  I slept soundly, with no disturbing
dreams of Laurie.
 
     The next evening, I went over to Laurie's to study for an
English exam.  We had several classes together and often studied
together.  We went to her bedroom to use her study desk.  Al-
though it was not unusual for us to shut the bedroom door in
order to study, this time we left it open.  As soon as we were
seated, Laurie quietly cautioned, "Now you be sure and behave
yourself."
 
     Half-irritated, I replied, "I SAID I'd be good, didn't I?"
 
     Laurie stroked her hand across my cheek and said, "I'm
sorry, Danny.  It's just that we can't be too careful."
 
     "Well, you're not helping matters any," I replied, looking
her up and down.  She was dressed in cutoffs that barely covered
her crotch and the bottoms of her buttocks and her tight tanktop
exposed every line in her bra.
 
     "Oh, gosh, Danny, I'm sorry.  I'm not used to guys being
interested in me, and I didn't think how I might affect you.  I
guess it's my turn to say I'll behave."  I could tell from her
expression that she genuinely was sorry, and I yearned to reach
out and hold her and ask her forgiveness for scolding.
 
     We finished studying around 9:00 o'clock and went down to
the kitchen to have cookies and milk.  After swallowing the last
drop of milk, I picked up my book, told Laurie I'd see her at
school the next day, and headed out the back door to go home.
Laurie followed me out to the dark of the back porch and whis-
pered, "Wait, Danny."
 
     "Hmm?  What is it?"
 
     "I just found out all our folks are going back to Bridgeport
Wednesday evening," Laurie whispered excitedly.  "They won't be
back to around midnight.  Aunt Betty is even going this time."
 
     "Does that mean...?" I softly said.
 
     Laurie nodded her head, and with a look of elation, whis-
pered, "Yes, yes, yes.  It means we can continue...it means we
can continue our...er, our dancing lessons," she finally said.
"That is," she said with a return of that impish smile, "you
already have something planned for Wednesday evening."
 
     I reached out, pulled Laurie up close to me, and whispered
directly into her ear, "Well, I had planned to stay home and read
War and Peace."
 
     Laughing softly, Laurie hit me on the shoulder and said,
"You'll pay for that."
 
     Holding her even closer, I murmured into her ear, "Laurie,
you're the only thing in my plans."  She wrapped both arms around
my neck and snuggled up real close.  I touched her chin, turned
up her mouth to mine, and kissed her deeply.  She opened her
mouth to me, and our tongues fought a fencing duel.  Her hips
pushed toward mine, and our whole bodies embraced.  My cock
sprung to its full rigidity, and through the scant cover her
cutoffs provided, she could feel the knot it formed.  She pushed
hard against it, broke the kiss, and whispered, "Umm, you're just
going to have to put that on hold for a while."  Then she reached
out the tip of her tongue, brushed it across my ear lobe, and
with a laugh so soft I could only feel it through our embrace,
she murmured, "Maybe you can take a cold shower."
 
     Laurie pulled away from me, and turning serious, said,
"Danny, I'm sorry.  That was mean.  I'll make it up to you.  I'll
have some...uh...some surprises for you Wednesday."
 
     "Surprises?  What kind of surprises?"
 
     "Silly, they won't be surprises if I tell you.  Now you run
home and develop some patience."
 
     As I turned away, Laurie softly said, "Oh, Danny."
 
     "Hmm?"
 
     "Have a nice shower."
 
     I picked up a newspaper that was on the back porch and threw
it at her.
 
                    *    *    *    *    *    *    *
 
 
     I thought Wednesday would never arrive.  First, I was fear-
ful for the whole time that something would arise to make our
parents change their minds or keep them from going.  Second, I
had stayed in almost a constant state of erection for those two
days, and had to change shorts twice a day because I kept soaking
them with pre-cum.  I had been tempted several times to beat off
to relieve the pressure, but each time decided to wait, to save
it all for our "lesson time."
 
     All my fears came to naught, though, and 6:00 o'clock
Wednesday evening, our parents and Aunt Betty drove off.  I
waited for fifteen minutes to make certain none of them had
forgotten something they would have to return for and then
slipped out the back door and over to Laurie's house.  I didn't
know what to expect when I got there--whether she would be wait-
ing for me in the nude or what.  As it was, she wasn't.  In fact,
she was dressed more fully that usual, with a loose blouse and
long, full skirt.  Just as before, though, she had barely touched
up with make-up, and just as before, she was stunningly beauti-
ful.
 
     The way she was dressed confused me, though.  Last Monday,
when we couldn't do anything, she had dressed like a little
sexpot.  This evening, when we were alone, she was dressed like a
girl from the Catholic high school.  What kind of signals was she
sending--had she reverted to shyness with me, had she changed her
mind about our "dancing lessons?"
 
     Laurie stepped up to me, put her hands behind my neck, and
said, "Oh, Danny, I've been so nervous.  I've been so afraid
something would happen and we'd have to call this evening off."
 
     "I've had exactly the same sort of feelings," I said.
Because of being thrown off by her signals, I was uncertain how
to proceed.  I desperately needed for her to give some sort of
clear signal, to somehow point in a direction that would lead the
way.  The last thing I wanted was to do something that would turn
her away from me, and I hoped she would indicate what she wanted
to do.
 
     Luckily, she came to the rescue by saying, "Let's go down to
the den and put on some music."
 
     When we got down to the den, I saw the lights had been
turned down dim.  My hopes soared and my heart beat a little
faster.  Even so, I still wasn't certain that could be considered
a sure signal--the lights could have been turned that way acci-
dentally.  As soon as we got into the room, Laurie went over to
the stereo and turned it on.  The music to "Three Times a Lady,"
a song Laurie knew to be one of my favorites, came out.  Laurie
held out her arms to me and said, "Come dance with me, Danny."
 
     Now I really was confused.  Laurie had referred to this
evening as our "dance lesson," and I thought she was just using a
cute euphemism--now I wondered if "dance lesson" had been what
she really meant.  She moved against me, and nestling close, put
her head on my shoulder.  Holding her like that felt exactly
right, and even if nothing else happened, I felt myself fortu-
nate.  The music was some of my favorites, I had the joy of
holding Laurie's body up against mine, and if that was all I
would get, then that's what I'd happily accept.  Laurie put her
hand to the back of my neck and lightly caressed it.  I could
hear her breathing into my ear and responded by caressing her
back.
 
     Suddenly, Laurie's tongue reached out and ran lightly in a
little circle around my ear lobe.  There must be a direct nerve
between the ear and the cock because my cock immediately sprang
to attention.  I had been half-hard till this, but now my cock
bloomed to its full dimension, pressing against the front of my
jeans.  Laurie felt the surge and pressed herself hard against
it.  With her mouth right at my ear, I could hear her breathing
become harder and faster.  Nothing could be a clearer signal than
that.
 
     I put my hands down to Laurie's buttocks and pulled her in
even harder against my bulge.  The pressure made my cock throb
and put out such a stream of pre-cum that I could feel a large
circle of hot wetness all around it.  Very slowly, I started to
ease her skirt up.  I wanted to put my hands on her panties, to
move my hands under them and caress her bare skin, make direct
contact with the sweet little handfuls of her buttocks.  I pulled
the skirt almost to her waist and then put my hands down, feeling
for the silken smoothness of her panties.  Instead of silk, I
felt the soft, hot globules of her ass and the crevice that
separated them.  Laurie was completely bare under her skirt.
Under the chaste, full skirt, Laurie was completely uncovered.  I
had been looking for subtle signals, and she was hitting me
between the eyes, instead.  I gently kneaded the twin little ripe
melons of her ass and murmured, "Oh, Laurie, Laurie."
 
     "That's my first surprise," Laurie whispered.
 
     "First surprise?  There's others?"
 
     "In time, Mr.  Impatience.  First, you have to make up
penance for all the times you had to miss.  A kiss for each nice
thing you've said," Laurie said, turning her face up to mine and
opening her mouth for a kiss.
 
     "Oh, what a punishment," I said, my mouth hungrily seeking
hers.  "I'm going to have to watch the things I say."
 
     Our mouths fought with each other, lip against lip, tongue
against tongue.  She opened her's wider, completely surrounding
mine, and nibbled and ate on my mouth.  Her tongue licked over my
lips and all around my mouth.  She bit down gently on my lower
lip, pulling it into her mouth, and sucked and fed on it.
 
     My hands continued to make love to her buttocks, to caress
the flesh so close to her center.  I moved my fingers into their
dividing cleft and slowly traced downward, seeking out the femi-
nine treasures hidden below.  Further down, the crevice was wet,
coated with her hot, slippery, sexual creams.  I moved my fingers
up and down, sliding in the hot slickness of her lower crevice.
I worked two fingers down even further, to where I could feel the
beginning of the hot, swamp of her woman sex.  The whole area
between her legs was wet, wetter even than she had been before.
Cream coated the inside of her thighs, running in little rivers
down her legs.
 
     I stroked my fingers across the inside of her thighs and
Laurie spread them apart, giving me greater access.  Her breath
panted into my mouth and her tongue made crazy gyrations in and
around my mouth.  I dipped a finger into the liquid pudding of
her pussy and rubbed around the edge of her vaginal opening.  She
moaned and pressed the Vee of her sex even harder against my cock
bulge.  Still holding the kiss, Laurie pulled her hips away from
mine and lowered her hand to the front of my jeans.  She moved
her fingers over and around the bulge, and cupped and gently
squeezed it.  It was my turn now to gasp, and I panted and moaned
into her mouth.  Laurie finally broke the kiss just a little.
Holding her lips so that they just brushed against mine, she
said, "Let's get naked."
 
     I reached for the buttons on her blouse to undo them, and
she said, "No...I want to do it.  I want to undress for you.
Just sit down there and let me put on the Laurie Show."  Dumb-
founded at my good fortune, I sat down on the sofa, my heart
beating fast and my cock throbbing in anticipation of Laurie's
show.
 
     Laurie stood there in front of me and slowly ran her tongue
over her lips, making them even wetter and more pouty.  The music
was still playing, and with half-closed eyes she started swaying
to the music's slow beat.  Her hands went to the front of her
blouse and with agonizingly slow movements, she unbuttoned it.
Moving the loosened front of her blouse, she flashed me a glimpse
of one bra-covered breast and then the other.  The turned her
back to me, and working the blouse loose from her arms, she
shrugged and it fell to the floor.  She slowly turned back, her
hands in front, each covering a breast.  In a graceful motion,
she sat down on the floor, carefully spreading the skirt so it
covered almost all of her, and removed her shoes and socks.  She
then stood, deliberately giving me a momentary view of her
thighs.  Although Laurie was still mostly dressed with skirt and
bra still on, the pure sensuality of her actions coupled with the
anticipation of what was still to be seen had me gasping and
drooling:  gasping for breath and drooling a flood of excited
pre-seminal secretions.  I caught myself holding my breath and
had to force myself to breathe normally.
 
     Laurie next put her hands behind her back, feeling for the
catch of her bra.  I could see the cups fall loose from her
breasts as the catch came undone.  She turned her back to me once
more and shrugged the straps from off her shoulders.  When she
turned back, she was holding the cups in place.  Slowly she let
the right one fall away, revealing the full breast, its nipple,
and crinkled areola.  The other cup fell away and her arm and bra
fell to her side.  Her breasts were now completely bare, nipples
upright at rigid attention.  She let the bra fall to the floor
and then threw back her shoulders, raising her mounds to stand
proudly in all their magnificence.  She put her finger tips to
her mouth, licked them, and then ran the saliva over her nipples
and areolas, teasing them to even greater rigidity.  She looked
directly into my eyes, and the look told me she was enjoying
showing her body to me.
 
     Catching the beat of the music again, Laurie started once
again to sway--her eyes hooded over and half-closed.  She put her
hands under her breasts and caressed them.  Then, slowly, the
hands stroked down her exposed middle to the top of her skirt.
She undid the button and the skirt loosened from her waist.  I
held my breath in anticipation of its fall to the floor, of the
awaited view of the very essence of Laurie's sex.  She thwarted
my desires by catching the skirt and turning away from me.  She
dropped the skirt so that one buttock was revealed and then down
even further so the mounds of both her perfect ass globes could
be seen.  Then she released the skirt and it fell to the floor,
forming a circle about her feet.  Her whole back was now totally
revealed to me--the smooth arch and the cleft that split her ass
and curved under to her hot core.
 
     She stepped out of the circle of her skirt, spreading her
thighs, and I had a brief glimpse of the swollen lips and glis-
tening valley of her vulva.  With a graceful pivot, she turned
back to me.  An arm now covered her breasts and a hand fanned in
front of her sex, like a flesh-and-blood fig leaf.  Then she
lowered her arms to her side, closed her eyes, bowed her head,
and stood immobile, an young Venus, a perfect nymph, a fully
revealed child-woman.  No where in the world could there have
been someone more beautiful, a girl more desirable, a woman more
sensual than Laurie was at that moment.
 
     I realized I had been holding my breath through the final
minutes of her revelation, and I gasped for air, dizzy-headed.  I
wanted to applaud, stamp my feet, stand up and cheer, but all I
could do was sit there, struck mute.  Before my very eyes, little
shy Laurie had been transformed.  Like a butterfly emerging from
its cocoon, Laurie's new-found sexuality, her new sparkle, was
turning her into a newer, even more beautiful and desirable
woman.
 
     Laurie walked to me, leaned over, and kissed me every so
gently on the lips.  When she did, her thighs spread and the lips
of her sex split wide, revealing the whole secretion-coated area.
Her juicy cream had continued to flow and covered the insides of
her thighs almost down to the knees.  I put my hand down and
stroked through the slick coating, sliding up to make contact
with her inflamed vulva.  "Oh, I'm so wet," she said.  "Wetter
than even last time.  Without panties, I'm running just all over
the place.  I need to get a cloth and dry myself."
 
     "Don't you dare," I said.  "I love the way you cream like
that, and I want you keep all of it."  I put my whole palm
against the inside of her thigh and stroked my hand through the
slick juice, caressing from her knee to flax-covered edge of her
labia.
 
     Laurie pulled back from me and said, "No, not yet, Danny.
You get naked first.  Put me on a show now.  Put me on a Danny
show."  Then, dropping her hand so that her fingers stroked
through her love juice, she said, "Make me even wetter, Danny."
 
     Though I knew anything I might do would appear clumsy, even
ludicrous, compared to Laurie's stunning and beautiful revelation
of her body, I wanted more than anything in the world to please
her, to try to give her pleasure in return for that she had just
given me.  So, in imitation her actions, I stood up, moved in
front of her, and removed my shirt, slowly and what I hoped would
be teasingly.  Instead of sitting to remove my shoes, I lifted
each foot and removed my shoes and socks that way.  I undid the
top button of my jeans, and slowly, inch by slow inch, lowered
the zipper.  The front of my jeans fell open, revealing my upper
groin, still concealed by my Jockey shorts.
 
     Laurie had been silent, watching my every movement.  One of
her hands had fallen to between her thighs, where she was tracing
a small circle with her finger tips in the coating of wet cream
that had flowed over her there.  She seemed to be caught up in
watching me and oblivious to her hand action.  It may have been
stimulating to her, but the sensuality of the action was even
more stimulating to me.  I continued to watch her hand as I
slowly lowered my jeans downward to my thighs, allowing my pent-
up erection to fill out the front of my shorts.  Laurie's finger
tips moved upward and stroked the crease that formed the line
between her hip and mount of Venus, tracing the line back and
forth.  I pushed my jeans all the way to the floor and stepped
out of them.  Then I thrust out my hips, forcing my still-hidden
but bulging hard-out out for her view.  Laurie moved her fingers
even higher, right along the edge of her labia, gently and idly
stroking and caressing the beginnings of her pleasure center.
 
     I turned my back to her then and started lowering the shorts
down over the cheeks of my ass.  I pulled them down below my hips
and leaned over from the waist to remove them from my feet.  I
knew that pose would reveal my balls hanging down, the bush of
hair surrounding them, and the base of my cock.  I held the pose
for more than necessary to give her a longer view.  Then I turned
back to her, my cock fully extended, inflamed, and dripping with
my pre-cum flow.  I stood still, the only movement being my
cock's little nods up and down as it throbbed in concert with
each heart beat.  Her fingers were actually in her pussy now, and
lightly stroked over and around her clitoris.  Whatever I may
have thought of my show, it was obvious that Laurie liked it.
She parted her legs even more, and throwing her head back and
moving her hand over her whole soaking vulva, she said hoarsely,
"Oh, God, Danny, I'm practically gushing."
 
     Then, without waiting for anything else from me, she stood,
put one hand behind my head, and with lips spread open and tongue
already extended, she put her mouth to mine and kissed me deeply.
Her other hand dropped to my turgid cock and lightly stroked up
and down its shaft.  Drops of lubricant that had been building up
in my cock flowed over her fingers, and she spread my male juices
over the swollen head and vein-covered shaft.  I groaned in the
pure pleasure of her touch and thrust my swollen member against
the hand causing me such sweet agony.
 
     At the same time, my hands hungrily sought her body.  I
dipped one hand between her legs, feeling the oily secretions
that flowed and covered her there.  One finger moved lightly and
lovingly between the gaping, engorged labial lips, then upward to
flick across her inflamed love bud, her throbbing clitoris.  She
ground her whole pussy against my hand, and with an almost animal
sound, growled into my mouth.  She took my lower lip into her
mouth, put it between her teeth, and with gentle little bites
nibbled and sucked on it.  "Danny, Danny," she sighed, "I've been
wanting this so bad.  I've been wanting YOU so bad."
 
     "Oh, God, me, too.  I've been hard ever since I left here
Monday, knowing about tonight.  All I could think about was
seeing you like this, holding you like this, kissing you like
this."  Our mouths came back together, and we ground our whole
bodies against each other.  Her breasts were crushed against my
chest, and her hips thrust up against mine.  Our thighs pressed
together, and I could feel their wetness as they pressed against
mine.  My cock had pressed downward and was lodged in the hot,
liquid tightness between her thighs.  The lubricity and the heat
of her sex made me throb and thrust against her.  "Oh, Laurie,
that's so good...so, so good," I murmured.
 
     Laurie twisted her thighs together and the head of my cock
slid down even further, down to where I could feel the beginning
of the slope into her cavity.  Oh, how I longed to thrust deeply
into that pleasure place, to bury my hardness in its steamy heat.
Reluctantly, I pulled back.  Much more, and I might not have
enough control to avoid driving my cock into her cavern and
ripping apart the maidenhood that protected it.  Laurie was my
best friend, my cousin, my almost-sister, and now, my lover.  I
could not bear the thought of causing her any pain, most certain-
ly the pain that would accompany penetration.  And even if that
could be avoided, the thought of her getting pregnant was night-
marish.  Maybe it was because I had sensed our common plight, but
from the time of my very first memories of Laurie and me, I had
always felt protective of her, wanting to shield her from any
pain or unhappiness.  Even wanting her as badly as I did, I could
not bear to think of the consequences of such action.  Reluctant-
ly, I pulled my cock out of the exquisite liquid embrace of her
thighs.
 
     Feeling the separation, Laurie said, "I think now's the time
for my next surprise."  She stood up, walked over to the bookcase
cabinet and took out a large, coffee-table size book.  She sat
down, cross-legged in the floor, and patted a place beside her.
"Sit here," she said, "I've got something to show you.  Something
I think you're going to like."
 
     I sat down on the floor next to her, cross-legged just like
she.  My cock jutted out, still rock-hard, into the space between
my knees.  I looked over at Laurie, and the lips of her pussy
were spread apart, lips gaping, the shadow of her secret opening
showing just at the bottom, the swollen bud of her clitoris
peeping out at the top.  She saw the direction of my stare and
asked, "Do I look sexy?"
 
     "Laurie, you make all the sex goddesses pale in comparison."
 
     She laughed a pleased laugh and said, "That one goes on the
list.  But if you think I look sexy, wait until you see this
book.  I found it by accident in the bottom of the bookcase.  Mom
and Dad must have got a long time ago and forgot about it.  I
just glanced inside it and decided I wanted to save it for us to
look at together."
 
     "What is it?" I asked excitedly, my curiosity rising to a
peak.
 
     "It's a Swedish sex manual," Laurie said softly.
 
     "If it's Swedish, how can we read it?"
 
     "You don't have to read it, silly," Laurie said laughing.
"The pictures in it speak for themselves."  Laurie opened the
book to the first page and there was a collage of small photo-
graphs of people doing just about every sex act imaginable.
 
     "Wow!" I said, letting it out slowly.
 
     "Just wait," Laurie said, and turned a couple of pages in
the book.  There was a full-page, full-color photograph of a
young couple about our age engaged in mutual oral love.  Her head
was between his thighs and she was sucking avidly on his cock.
His head was between hers, and his tongue could be seen stroking
up her wide-open slit.  From the expressions on their faces, they
were both fully enjoying the ministrations of the other.  The
action continued in the next several pages--she was licking his
cock from top to bottom and he was licking the entire wide open
space from the beginning of her ass crack to the very top of her
streaming pussy.  In the next picture, the boy's cock was stand-
ing up straight and the girl was running her tongue in circles on
that ultra-sensitive area just under his glans.  Come was jetting
in big spurts from his cock, hitting her around the mouth and on
the cheeks.  She was smiling, either from the pleasure of seeing
his enjoyment or from the mutual pleasure he was giving her.  In
the next picture, the girl had the cock back in her mouth, gulp-
ing down the last of the boy's spurting love juice.
 
     She turned on in the book, and there were pictures of cou-
ples in their teens, twenties, forties, and even one gray-haired
couple.  Cocks were in mouths, pussies, and in some cases, buried
deep in the girls' rectums.  Couples were making love in every
position--missionary, woman on top, doggie, and many variations
of each.  I could hardly believe what I was seeing.  My breath
was coming in gasps and my cock was throbbing so hard I thought
it would explode.  "God, Laurie," I said, "would you look at all
that."
 
     Laurie turned back to the couple of teenagers sixty-nining.
She seemed fascinated with the pictures.  "God, Danny, isn't that
a turn-on?"
 
     "Yeah, I really like that.  I liked it when I did it you and
when you did it to me, but I felt bad when you were doing it to
me because you couldn't be feeling the same pleasure I was.
Doing that way, we could both give and receive pleasure at the
same time."
 
     "Danny, I want to try it all.  I want to do it all with you.
And I want to start right now.  I feel like there's a balloon
down here between my legs that's about to burst," she said,
stroking her pussy.  "It's like an itch deep inside that needs to
be scratched.  I've got to come, and come soon, or I'll die."
 
     "Yeah, me too," I said.  "If I don't get some relief, my
cock and balls are going to explode."
 
     Laurie reached out and touched my cock, running her fingers
over its head.  Juice ran all over them.  She put her fingers to
her mouth and licked the juice, looking me right in the eyes.
"Let's do it at the same time like those kids in the book did
it."
 
     "Oh, yesssss," I murmured.
 
     Laurie stretched out on the carpet, lying on her side.  I
lay down beside her, my head right in front of her sex.  She
reached out and lifted my top leg, then pillowed her head on my
thigh, just as the couple in the book had done.  I lifted her
thigh up high, and dove my face into the steamy swamp of her sex.
I was so high from my pent-up desires that I wanted to devour her
sex, to wallow in her sexuality, to soak myself in her juices, to
plunge my tongue, my mouth, my whole being into Laurie's swampy
pleasure center.  I opened my mouth as wide as it would go and
tried to suck all of Laurie's center into it.  She moaned and
bucked her hips toward me, moving them in little circles, trying
to get more of herself into my mouth.
 
     Laurie took the head of my cock into her mouth.  Her oral
heat and liquid made it jerk almost like ejaculation, and drops
of pre-cum spurted out onto her swirling tongue.  I moaned out my
agonized ecstasy, trying to get even more of my cock into her
mouth.  She grabbed the base of my cock, controlling my move-
ments, preventing me from pushing completely down her throat.
Then, with a deep breath, Laurie gulped, and I could feel the
entire length of my cock enter her mouth and down her throat.  I
had heard of deep- throating, but to experience it was almost
beyond belief.  She pulled my cock out, before she started to
gag, and I muttered, "Oh, God, Laurie.  That was so good."
 
     I moved my mouth to her thighs, licking their creamy coat-
ing, trying to get every drop into my mouth.  She did the same
thing to me, scooping up the pre-cum that had dribbled there when
I lay on my side.  Gradually, lick by lick, our mouths moved up
to the centers of our sexes.  Laurie licked my balls, I drove my
tongue directly into her cavern and pushed it in and out in slow,
twisting movements.  Laurie worked her mouth down lower, and
finding my little brown spot, made love to it with her tongue.
Little strokes circled around and around the opening, and then
moved across it, backward and forward.  My hips began to move
involuntarily, pushing back and forth, in feverish imitation of
the thrusts my cock longed to make, the forbidden thrusts deep
into that secret cave between Laurie's thighs.  I moved my mouth
down and also made love to her rosebud, the crinkled nether hole
of her anus.  She moaned and squeezed my head between her thighs,
moving her buttocks in little circles under my tongue.
 
     Leaving her little pit quivering, I moved my mouth up to her
deeper pit and circled my tongue around the edges of her juicy
grotto.  Her feminine secretions were pouring from it, and I
lapped them onto my tongue, savoring the tangy taste.  My nos-
trils were filled with her woman scent, her musky female sex
scent.  My senses were drenched in her sexuality--the touch of my
mouth and tongue on the slick, swollen parts of her sex core, the
taste of her gushing secretions, and the heady odor of aroused
sexuality coming out all her pores.
 
     He had my cock back fully in her mouth now, and the heated
movements of my loins pushed it in and out.  Her tongue caressed
it and stroked under its head.  My ecstasy was climbing ever
higher as I moved rapidly up the peak to orgasm.  I moved my
tongue to her clitoris to give Laurie the same sensations she was
lavishing upon me, and she started moaning around my cock and
hunching her sex harder and harder against my mouth.  We each
were so close to the mountain top, so close to rockets shooting
off and thunder rolling.  We each increased the pace of our
mutual orality, pressing each other to match climbs to fulfill-
ment.  I could hear Laurie's ever higher moans as she wrapped her
legs around my head and squeezed.  I could feel her belly con-
vulse and her pelvis jerk in spasms.  I had my hands on her
buttocks and they clenched into little hard knots as she pressed
herself against me, orgasm spilling in undulations of ecstasy
throughout the whole center of her sexual core.  In one final
movement, she completely engulfed my cock, swallowing it to the
base.  Her lips moved all the way to its base, and rested in the
wet locks of drenched pubic hair.  She applied suction to the
full length of my cock and it responded by giving up its essence,
jetting spurt after spurt down her throat.  The sensation was
almost beyond belief.  This is what it would feel like, I knew,
if I could bury my cock in the deep recess of her pussy, if I
could bore it into the slippery, clutching pit of her vagina.
 
     We each held like that for what seemed an eternity--she
spasming between waist and knees and me jerking, spurting, and
gushing forth my masculinity into Laurie's suctioning, gulping
mouth.  I was flooded by her outpouring, drenched from hair to
neck, loving and savoring the sensations.  I tried to drink her
nectar, but it was too much for me.  Some ran down onto her thigh
and some dripped off my mouth and chin.
 
     Gradually, we came down from the peaks of our orgasms.  The
convulsions and spasms began to ebb into just little shivers and
quivers.  She let my cock slip out of her throat and gasped for
breath.  I pulled back slightly from the smothering confines of
being locked into her sexual pit and gulped air into my lungs.
We lay there panting, quivering, shaking, coming down slowly as
the pleasure flow faded.  Finally, Laurie stirred and said in a
whisper that was almost a whimper, "It just keeps getting better
and better."
 
     "Yeah," I said breathlessly, "I feel like I died and went to
heaven.  I feel like a bowl of Jello, like a limp noodle."
 
     "Oh, yes, me too," Laurie said, as she stretched, moving her
head from between my thighs.  She got up on her hands and knees
and turned toward me.  Her whole mouth was coated with my juice,
with the spurtings of my cock.  It hadn't all been swallowed,
some had run to the outside.  She pushed me over onto my back,
and then crawled on top, face to face, belly to belly, wet sex to
wet sex.  She lowered her mouth to mine and rubbed her mouth all
over mine.  The slippery outpouring of my cock now coated my
mouth as well as hers.  She opened her mouth to kiss me and I
could see pools of my jism still coating its inside.  He put her
jism-coated tongue between my lips, and it insinuated itself
between them and plunged into my mouth.  Our saliva and juices
mingled, the very essence of our whole beings comingling as she
pressed fully against me and moved her lips and mouth so tenderly
against mine.  I could hardly comprehend what we had just done.
I was totally in awe of her burgeoning sexuality, of the way she
had moved from being a shy little school girl to a nymph from out
of the most lascivious pages of ancient mythology.
 
     Laurie's creamy outpouring now began to flow onto me, to
coat my cock, balls, stomach and thighs in her slipperiness.  She
squirmed her pelvis on mine, spreading the warm juices.  Laurie
spread her thighs and moved her vulva so that it was in total
contact with my half-shrunken cock.  The sheer sensuousness of
her slick, wet skin against mine, the heat of her warm, flowing
vulva against my cock brought a reaction.  Blood immediately
pumped back into my cock, inflating it, lengthening it out so it
was once more rigid.  She clamped her labial lips on it and moved
her pelvis up and down.  Each time she moved down, the bulbous
cock's head brushed against the opening into Laurie's vagina.
Knowing heaven was so near, yet so far, made the sensation that
much more voluptuous.  The entire length of my cock rubbed along
her clitoris with each stroke, and I moved my hands down to
clutch her buttocks and control the movement.  I was attempting
to avoid the danger of such closeness leading to accidental
penetration, but she wanted no part of it.  Moving against my
hands, she lengthened her strokes so that each one brought my
cock came closer and closer to slipping into her secret, warm
woman's cave.
 
     Laurie stopped kissing me and whispered into my ear, "Danny,
I want you in me.  I want to feel your cock inside.  I want for
us to be totally part of each other.  Danny, make me a woman,
totally and completely."
 
     "Oh, God, Laurie," I groaned.  "I can feel my cock right at
the entrance to your vagina, and I want to push into it so bad I
can taste it.  It would hurt you, though, Laurie.  I can't bear
the thought of hurting you, not even a little bit.  Laurie, I've
never hurt you, and I won't hurt you now."
 
     Laurie said softly, "It won't hurt."
 
     "It won't hurt?  How do you know?  Laurie, do you mean
you've already..."
 
     "Oh, my silly Danny," Laurie answered back.  "It's not what
you think.  I've never been with another boy before--you're my
very first one.  No, the reason I know it won't hurt is that I
used the nozzle of my mother's douche bag to test it out.  The
nozzle is about the same size and shape as a penis, so I tried to
see if it would fit.  It went right it, without any pain at all.
I've read about girls who break their maidenhood by riding a
bicycle or a horse, and since I've done both, I guess I'm lucky
enough to not have to put up with the virgin's curse."
 
     My cock throbbed at the thought of thrusting into the hot,
grasping hole that waited right at its head.  I had drenched
Laurie's whole vulva and labia with my outpouring of pre-cum, so
all it should take would be one good push of my cock.  But then I
remembered the need for protection.  I had no rubbers and Laurie
had no protection, so the thoughts of actually penetrating Laurie
were banished.  No matter that we both desperately wanted and
were on the very verge of going the final step in our love-
making, the risk of pregnancy made it impossible.  Once more I
groaned and then explained to Laurie that I had no rubbers and we
simply couldn't take the risk.
 
     Laurie pushed up from me, leaving a void, leaving me with a
vacant feeling.  She got to her knees, straddling me, and smiled
with her secret smile.  "Time for my last surprise," she mur-
mured, standing to her feet.  She went over to the cabinet where
she had gotten the book and took out a small box.  She brought it
back, got down on her knees next to me, and put it in my hands.
"My last surprise," she said.  "A special gift just for us."
 
     I looked down at the box and almost shouted in joy.  Con-
doms!  It was whole box--a three-pack--of condoms!
 
     "God, Laurie...rubbers!  This means..."
 
     "Yeah," Laurie said, "it means you can put your cock in me
now.  It means you can make me a woman.  It means we can actually
fuck."  Her words made a new surge of blood flow into my cock,
and it swelled and throbbed like never before.
 
     "I've never used a rubber before," I said.  "I think all you
have to do it just roll it on."
 
     "If it's that easy, let me put it on you," Laurie said,
taking one of the condoms out of the box and tearing off its foil
wrapping.  She took the rubber and put its cup over the glisten-
ing, wet head of my cock, and then started to roll it down onto
its shaft.  I couldn't hold my pelvis still in the process, and
jerked my hips in little movements and circles.  "How do you
expect me to do this with you moving all over the place," Laurie
said, half-frustrated and half-laughing.
 
     I noticed, though, that the problem wasn't all me.  Laurie's
hands trembled as she prepared me for the final expression of our
sexuality, for the final consummation of our desire to possess
each other.  She was excited as I was about the prospect of
actual penetration, of having my cock buried deeply within her
essence, the very core of her being.  Despite our excitement, the
rubber was finally rolled down all the way to the base of my cock
and fitted like a second piece of skin.  Laurie grabbed my cock
shaft and worked her hand up and down.  The lubricated rubber
slipped up and down the shaft, sending jolts of love agony
through me.  I groaned at her action and murmured, "Oh, Laurie,
that's so good.  Even with a rubber on, the feeling is still
unbelievable."
 
     She looked down at my face, and her expectations, her antic-
ipation of what was to come, showed in her eyes.  She lowered her
mouth to mine and we kissed very softly and gently, our tongues
just lightly stroking each other.  We could feel our hunger
building, flaming, growing hotter, and we wanted to savor every
nuance of this moment.  Our hunger for each other was not mere
lust, it was the incandescent first flares of youthful sexuality
reaching out to each other.  It was more, too, than raging sexual
fire, it was a need to absorb each other, to devour, to possess
each other totally.  We each needed to be completely a part of
the other.
 
     Laurie broke the kiss and rolled over onto her back, the
soft carpet cushioning her whole body.  Her knees lifted up and
her thighs spread wide apart.  She moved her hands down to her
swollen, dripping sex and spread the lips apart even wider than
they were already gaping.  She was completely open, fully ex-
posed, turned up to me, waiting.
 
     "Danny, I want you here, now.  I want your cock in me,
filling me.  Make me fully a woman.  Make real love to me now,
Danny."
 
     I got on my knees between her wide-spread thighs, scooting
up so the very tip of my cock brushed against the slick-coated
valley splitting them, and nestled it there lengthwise between
the pouting labial lips.  The sensation of her heat and lubricity
and the soft, wet labial pressure filled my senses almost to
overflowing.  The urge to thrust the ramrod stiff member into her
steaming love tunnel was almost irresistible, and I had to fight
it, deferring that moment of truth, deferring what I knew would
be the greatest pleasure a male and female can share:  the pleas-
ure, the sweet agony, the joy, the pain, the ultimate step of
first penetration.  I gazed down at her breasts, swelling upward,
their nipples engorged, rigid.  I wet my fingers in my mouth and
lightly stroked them across the nipples, the areolas, and then
all around the breasts.  Goosebumps of pleasure appeared and
Laurie sighed.  Her hips moved in little involuntary undulations,
reflecting her tingling, mounting ocean wave of desire.
 
     A surge of tenderness swept over me as I touched and ca-
ressed Laurie.  Sweet, precious Laurie.  My Laurie, waiting for
me to fulfill our heart's desire.  I refused to question whatever
fates had swept us together for this moment, determined only to
make the most of them, to fulfill Laurie, to fulfill myself, to
make us one.
 
     Laurie had closed her eyes during my caresses and was begin-
ning to tremble ever so slightly.  Her hips were becoming more
insistent, moving up and down, brushing against my cock lying
there between our bodies.  Creamy juices were overflowing around
my cock, and it became coated and even more lubricated.  Inside
the rubber, I could feel my own flow seeping out and working its
way around my cock, warm, slick, and liquid.  My cock brushed
against her clitoris and Laurie's body responded in even greater
trembling and pressing of her hips against my intruding member.
"Oh, Danny, Danny," she whispered, "do it now.  I can't bear any
more of this.  I can't wait any longer."
 
     Pulling back ever so slightly, I moved the head of my cock
down to the opening of Laurie's little cave.  Pressing in just a
little, its head lodged in the opening, spreading it.  Just a
beginning, and it was already tight and hot, so hot.  I wondered
about her "test" to see if my cock would fit and began to worry
about whether she would experience pain.  Even if she wanted the
pain, I'm not sure I could knowingly impose it.  I eased my cock
in another half-inch.  It was still very tight.  And hot, steamy
hot, and so voluptuous.  So far, no obstruction, no maidenhood
guarding the entrance to Laurie's pleasure depths.  I pushed some
more and got about two more inches of purchase.  It was tight,
yes, but with my cock so rigid, penetrable.
 
     Laurie was giving no signs of pain.  To the contrary, she
was moaning--moans of pleasure, not pain.  Her hands were strok-
ing my back and holding my buttocks, almost seeming to urge me
on, to encourage greater and greater penetration.  I was now
half-way in.  I stopped at this point and just held in place,
enjoying the sensation.  I leaned down and kissed Laurie, and
asked, "Are you sure this doesn't hurt?"
 
     Laurie looked up at me and answered.  "No, no pain.  Tight,
yes, but it doesn't hurt at all."
 
     Encouraged, I pushed a little more.  Laurie hunched her hips
up to me assisting and helping to speed the process.  Another
half-inch, and then another.  Suddenly, Laurie put her hands
behind my buttocks and pushed, hunching her hips up to mine at
the same time.  In one thrust, my buried itself, buried itself to
its very base in Laurie.  Laurie went "Unnnhhhh!" as I hit bot-
tom.
 
     I put my cheek down to Laurie's and murmured, "Oh, Laurie,
I'm sorry.  I didn't want it to hurt.  I didn't want to hurt
you."
 
     Laurie wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me all
over my face, little kisses on my lips, my nose, my cheeks, my
forehead.  "Oh, dear, sweet Danny.  You haven't hurt me.  It
doesn't hurt at all."  She flung her head back, smiling, and
said, "No, it feels...it feels...glorious!  Absolutely glorious.
Just like I dreamed it would feel."
 
     Laurie spread her thighs even wider and to my surprise my
cock slipped in another half inch.  Our wet locks of pubic hair
were intermingled, our pubic bones pressed hard against each
other.  Laurie's ankles moved up and locked around my calves, her
hips spread to their widest, her sex completely and wetly gaping
around the base of my deeply buried cock.
 
     I moved my face to hers, my mouth eagerly searching.  Our
lips blended, our tongues gliding softly and gently over each
other.  Laurie's breasts were between us, little love cushions
rubbing over my chest.  I moved my chest against her breasts,
enjoying the sensation of bare skin to bare skin.  Her nipples
were hard little nubbins, and I could feel them press into my
flesh.  Then I wrapped my arms completely around Laurie, lifting
her, holding her tight against me.  Unmoving, we lay locked
together, flesh against flesh, interlinked through the throbbing
connection of the eternal yin and yang merged together into just
one.
 
     We lay like that several minutes, each of us reveling in and
enjoying the other's presence.  Me, the presence of a hot, lubri-
cious envelope clasping my cock in a longed-for, so desired
embrace.  She, the filling presence of my swollen and solid
member lodged deep within her belly.  It beat and throbbed in
tempo with my heart beat, and she was able to feel each throb,
each pulse within her heated grasp.  I felt ten-feet long.  My
rigid shaft felt like it was impaled in a hot, slick glove.
Rapid-fire, joyous thoughts kept spinning through my head:  "I'm
in Laurie...I'm actually buried to the hilt...I really have my
cock deep inside Laurie...My God, I'm actually making love to
Laurie...  At long last, Laurie and I are actually fucking."




 
     Laurie started moving first--little, tentative movements of
her hips against mine.  I followed suit, pushing back at her,
timing so we drew back and drove forward in perfect rhythm.  Our
strokes were about a half-inch, just enough for her to feel my
cock move within her hot tunnel.  Little by little, the strokes
lengthened, until I was pulling out until just the head was still
in place and then slowly pushing back in, inch by inch, until I
was once more filling her cavity.  I speeded up my strokes and
then reverted to slow-motion, alternating back and forth.  Laurie
moaned each time I reached bottom and the base of my cock brushed
against her clitoris.  Seeing her reaction, I drove all the way
to the hilt and then rubbed the base of my cock in little short
movements, brushing it up and down, and rubbing her clitoris.
Laurie threw her head back and shouted, "Danny, I coming again!
I'm coming again so soon!"  Her back arched, her buttocks
clenched tight, and she pushed up hard against me, shuddering and
gasping.
 
     I held in place as she was overtaken by orgasm.  The walls
of her pussy had clamped down so hard on my cock that I couldn't
have moved if I had wanted to.  The hot walls of her pussy were
like a molten hands, grasping and pulsing against my cock, send-
ing it into its own little pulses and jerks.  Her orgasm almost
brought on mine, and if I had been able to move, I'm sure I would
have gone over the crest with her.
 
     Her mouth sought out mine and the passion of her orgasm
fired her kiss.  She appeared to be oblivious to all except our
kiss, our bodies, and the blazing streams of pleasure centered
where our sexes were joined.  Gradually, Laurie's spasms eased up
and her muscles relaxed.  She broke the kiss and murmured,
"Better, and better, and better.  Each time it only gets better."
 
     I renewed my movements, thankful for her few moments of
lassitude so that I could continue.  Gradual movements at first,
then more rapid ones.  Short strokes, then long ones.  Lots of
strokes, then pause.  Laurie had returned to our pleasure and was
again fully getting into the act.  She moved her legs up from my
calves and wrapped them around my hips, then up so that they were
around my waist.  She clutched at me, holding me around my neck
with her arms and around my waist with her legs.  She was com-
pletely off the floor now, moving in complete concert with my
movements, matching strokes and withdrawals one for one.  I was
getting close, close, close.  My cock felt like it had swollen
and was an engorged log ramming in and out of Laurie.  She was
panting, crying, and moaning all at the same time.  I was no
better, with my grunts, cries of pleasure, moans, and gasping,
panting breath filling the room.  I fell down on top of Laurie,
crushing her to the floor.  Then I got on my knees, spread her
thighs to their fullest, and pumped in and out, using the longest
thrusts possible.  Laurie and I were both crying and screaming,
"Oh, it's good!  Oh, I'm coming!  Here it is, here it comes!"
 
     Then our explosions came, like star-bursts, like all the
Roman candles in the world going off at once.  I wrapped my arms
completely around Laurie, crushed her to me, crushed her mouth to
mine.  We could hardly kiss for our pants and moans, but it was
imperative that we blend as much of ourselves together as possi-
ble, that the pleasure flow between us at every point.  I fell on
top of her again and her legs wrapped around me.  She humped her
pussy against me, over and over, until the movements lessened and
she lay still.  Slowly, the muscles in our buttocks unclenched,
and we lay spent, satiated.  Our only movement was a continuation
of the small, fluttery, clutching spasms of Laurie's pussy around
my cock and my continuing little ejaculatory spurts, spewing out
the last of my come.  My hot emissions filled the rubber, and my
cock was bathed in the flow.  Laurie's flow covered the outside
of the rubber, and my cock felt it was immersed in a scalding
bath.  Our mouths continued its kiss, gradually becoming more
gentle as the intensity of our orgasms gradually ebbed.
 
     We lay locked in each other arms, neither wishing to move,
to disturb the beauty of that moment in time.  My cock was final-
ly beginning to shrink, and I could feel it begin to fill less
and less of Laurie.  After about five minutes, it once more lay
in Laurie's wet pussy channel.  Laurie finally stirred, opening
her eyes, and stared into mine.  "Danny, I don't even know how to
talk about it.  That was better than all the good things that
have ever happened to me wrapped up into one."
 
     "Laurie, I think you know you've always been my special
person, and this made it even more that way."
 
     "Danny, I've always planned for my first time to be with
you."  Laurie kissed me on the lips and continued, "I never
thought it possible, but it was better even than I dreamed it
would be.  Thank you, Danny, my dear, sweet Danny."
 
     Suddenly, there was a noise out in the dark stairwell, and
the sound of a person's throat-clearing.  Then a voice:  "Ahem.
I guess it's okay for me to come in now."  There, to our horror,
coming into the den, was Aunt Betty.

-- 
