               EAGER BEAVER'S SORORITY INITIATION
                          CHAPTER 1

Halfway thru my freshman year in college, I was invited to join a
sorority.  One of my best new friends was a sister and had nominated me.
I accepted and was told to report to the sorority house promptly at noon
on Friday.  I arrived a few little early and was told to wait in the
hall.  While I waited several girls came down the stairs and some
whispered and giggled to each other as they passed me.  Finally my
friend came down.  She told me that during the initiation I was to do
exactly as I was told, and that if I hesitated I would be punished by
the sisters and if I refused I would not be allowed to join them.  She
gave me a big hug and led me into the living room.  It was an emense
room with lots of couches and overstuffed chairs in a horseshoe around a
big stone fireplace.  Barbara led me to the center to stand in front of
the entire sorority.  The President started to speak to the sisters.
She told them that I was the last of this year's pledges, that Mistress
Barbara had nominated me, She asked if there were any objections so far.
No one objected.  She turned to me.  She told me that until I had
completed the initiation I was not to speak unless told to, to address
the sisters as Mistress and to do everything I was told to do or suffer
the punishment.  She asked if I accepted these rules.  I said yes.  All
the girls giggled.  She said she didn't hear me right.  I said "Yes,
Mistress President".  One of the sisters took out a file folder, another
a Polaroid camera.  She took a picture of me and gave it to the sister
with the folder.  Mistress President told me that they need to know
everything about me.  She told me to tell them all about my sexual
adventures, to start with my first kiss, to my first bare tit, my first
feel of cock, etc.  I started to tell them about Jimmy, my first
boyfriend.  I described our first kiss, our first makeout session, and
the first time I let him slip his hand under my sweater and into my bra.
One of the sisters spoke up.  She told me to take off my blouse.  I
looked to Barbara.  She nodded yes.  I unbuttoned my blouse and eased it
off my shoulders.  Mistress President said I could put it on a little
table next to the fireplace.  I put it down and went back to the center.
Mistress Barbara told me to resume my personal history with my first tit
sucking.  I proceeded to tell them about Jimmy sucking my bare titties
outside a party.  The sister with the folder, Mistress Janet, asked me
what size bra I wore.  I told her 32A and continued about my next real
boyfriend Tom. Tom was the first to get his hands into my pants to
finger my slit.  Mistress Janet asked me if I had been fingering myself
before that episode.  I told her I had never fondled myself.  I
continued to describe my first view of Tom's erect cock.  A sister from
the back yelled out for me to take off my jeans.  Again I looked to my
friend, she nodded yes, I went to the table, opened my jeans, slipped
them down below my knees.  I kicked off my shoes, stepped out of my
jeans, and laid them on top of my blouse.

Mistress President told me to stand with my legs apart, my hands clasped
behind my neck, elbows out to the sides.  When I was in position, she
told me to describe my first taste of cock.  As I described Tom's hard
sexy cock, my first attempt at sucking and my first taste of cum, I
could feel my cunt juicing up, getting very wet.  As I described Bob and
his taste for pussy, Mistress Karen came over to me.  She told me to
keep talking.  She lifted my left shoulder strap and cut it with a pair
of scissors.  Then she cut the right strap.  All the sisters were
giggling at my predicament.  As I described how Bob's long tongue had
licked me to creamy satisfaction, Mistress Karen pulled the bra from
between my titties and snipped it.  Dropping it to the floor, Mistress
Karen told me to show my tiny boobies to the rest of the sisters.  With
my hands still behind my neck I walked around the inner circle of girls
to show them my bare bosom.  Mistress President told me to bend over so
she could get a better look.  As I bent closer she reached up and took
my nipples between the thumb and forefinger of each hand.  She pulled
them down.  My buds stiffened, when she tweaked them.  Mistress
President let go and told me to finish showing them off.  I continued my
show.  Several of the sisters took their chance to pinch and stroke my
titties.  I had never been touched by a girl, and all these tittie
touches were making my cunt so itchy.  When I finished, I went back to
the center and waited for more instructions.  Mistress President asked
if my pussy was still virginal.  I told her I had screwed with a couple
of guys.  She told me to describe the complete de-flowering session.  I
began to describe Mark, his gorgeous hard cock, and all the things we
did that night.  When I got to the part about "sixty-nine"ing with me on
top and Mark slapping my asscheeks, Mistress President told me to stop,
turn around and bend over.  She told me to ease my panties down until
just below my cheeks.  I was embarrassed about showing them my ass.  My
panties were taut across my cheeks and pulled at my crotch.  These were
blue hiphuggers not the small g-strings I wear now.  Because of my
hesitation two sisters quickly stood up and grabbed my arms.  Mistress
President asked Mistress Barbara if she would like to do the honors of
my first sorority punishment.  Mistress Barbara came up beside me.  She
had a ping-pong paddle in her hand.  She placed it on my tight
asscheeks.  She told me I wasn't in the right punishment position.  She
told me to spread my legs double shoulder width apart.  I did.  She told
me to reach down and grasp my ankles, that the sisters would keep me
from falling over.  I did what I was told, showing my pantied crotch to
all the sisters.  I expected my friend Mistress Barbara to deliver my
first real spanking.  Instead she took the scissors and started to cut
the sides of my panties.  She cut the elastic band at my waist.  She
snipped the leg bands, leaving a thin thread on each side to hold my
panties on.

She asked the sisters if they wanted me punished.  They all cheered YES.
She took hold of my panties by the waistband at the top of my ass.  With
one quick jerk, she ripped them off, leaving me stark naked.  Bare for
all these girls to see.  All the girls cheered, clapped and whistled.
Someone told Mistress Barbara that she had made a good picking me.
SMACK...A stinging warmth shattered my thoughts as that paddle came down
on my upturned ass.  I gasped more than cried out.  I caught my breath.
I heard applause.  SMACK..SMACK..  I gasped again as two quick hard
blows came down, one on each cheek.  Tears were welling up in my eyes.
The stinging spread across my entire ass.  More applause.  Mistress
Barbara put the paddle flat across my ass.  She rubbed it around and
around, spreading warmth across my ass the way she might spread peanut
butter on a sandwich.  The sisters were cheering her on.  She continued
to spank me, slower, softer, covering all my ass with a tingling glow.
She stopped and rubbed the knobby paddle around my cheeks again.  She
stroked that paddle down the back of my right thigh, all the way down to
my knee and then up the back of my left thigh until the top of the
paddle came to rest at my opened pussy.  She turned the paddle up so
only the top edge was touching me, right along my tender slit.  She
gently stroked it up and down my tingling love trough.  I had submitted
t a play spanking from Mark after a teenaged temper tantrum, but it
didn't make me tingle like this.  I had an itching burning desire
spread
my audience.  They applauded.  Mistress Barbara wiped the tears from my
eyes and gently kissed my cheek.  She told me to continue talking about
my cherry-popping session with Mark.  Mistress Janet had to remind me
where I had left off.  I was yearning for a fuck.  By the time I
finished telling them about 'sixty-nine'ing with Mark, ending with his
jerking cum-spewing orgasm, I was hotter than I had ever been.  I was
horny enough to fuck any cock.  I began to describe how Mark had stroked
his bulging cockhead up and down my eager virginal cunt lips.  I was
itching to fuck, and it was showing.  Mistress Karen came over and put
her arm around me.  She told the sisters that she thought I had a little
problem.  She asked me if I had a problem.  I knew what she wanted to
hear.  I told them that I was horny, that I wanted to fuck.  All the
sisters laughed.  Mistress President said that they didn't have any boys
handy but that there was another solution.  Mistress Karen told me to
reach down and spread my pussy lips.  Slowly I did it.  She told me to
put my finger on the tip of my clittie.  This was something I had never
thought of doing, playing with myself.

Slowly I moved the tip of my middle finger over my passion button.  The
sisters giggled.  Mistress Karen told me to continue talking and to
start rubbing my clit.  I talked about Mark rubbing my slit with his
cock.  Sliding his cock up the full length of my slit, he had made me
willing to take his manhood into my virgin depths.  Talking about him
and rubbing my button, I was feeling just as willing but this time
willing to do other things.  Mistress Karen told me to rub my finger
thru my slit the way Mark's cock shaft had.  I talked about Mark's
throbbing, pulsating cock, and how he ha aimed it at my virgin hole.  I
rubbed my clit faster.  Mark pushed ever so gently, until his cockhead
was in me.  I rubbed harder, pushing my inner lips apart.  Mark kissed
me.  He plunged his cock into the center of my womanhood, my virgin love
canal.  He held me, I held him.  I slowed my cunt strokes but pressed my
clit harder.  Mark started long slow strokes in my hot hole.  My cunt
walls cling to his gorgeous man meat.  My cunt was juicing up, oozing
onto my sliding finger.  Mistress Karen told me to dip my finger into my
creamy hole.  I pushed the tip of my finger into myself, just the way my
lovers had.  Mistress Karen moved her hand down to my asscheek.
Squeezing it, she told me to finish the story and my first self-induced
orgasm.  I talked about Mark pumping in and out of my inexperience fuck
hole, my cunt throbbing with every stroke.  My cunt was throbbing again,
this time around my fingertip.  I pumped my own little pussy, rubbing my
itchy clit with each stroke.  I knew I wanted to cum.  I was going to
cum.  I wanted to tell them about my first fuck orgasm as I came in
front of them.  I told them about Mark pulling my legs up to my chest,
then open and down to the bed, opening my cunt for his hard deep thrusts
into my wanting love hole.  Mistress Karen eased me down to my knees.
My legs spread, I leaned back against her, letting my cunt warmth spread
over me, relaxing, enjoying my own sexual administrations.  It seemed
like I was talking forever, smaller words, no sentences.  Pumping.
Harder.  Deeper.  Fuck me.  Cock plunging.  Creaming.  Cumming.
CCuummmmiinngg.  My virginity leaving with a tingling orgasm.  Mark
pulsing, throbbing, squirting his hot cum into my love tunnel.  My first
fuck.  My finger dipping into my hot juicy hole, building a new orgasmic
feeling, different from when the boys made me cum.  Nice, warm waves of
tingles spreading out.  I was bucking my cunt against my own fingers.  I
don't remember talking, just cumming.  Cumming.  My hot cream oozing
onto my hand and down my thighs.  I collapsed into Mistress Karen's
arms.  My finger still in my cunt.  The sisters applauded and cheered.
After resting a few moments.  Mistress Karen helped me stand up.  She
told me that after each orgasm in this initiation, I was to curtsy and
thank the sisters.  I curtsied.  At the bottom of my dip I thanked my
mistresses for a very lovely orgasm.  They applauded.

Mistress President said it was time to continue the inspection.  Some
sisters brought out a padded bench and an extra triangular pillow.
Mistress Janet told me to kneel on it.  Mistresses Barbara and Karen
came next to me.  They took a cloth tape measure and began to take my
measurement.  My bust, my waist, my hips.  Then they measured the width
of my areola, the length of the now erected tips and the distance
between m nipples.  Mistress Barbara measured the area of my pubic hair
(across the top and from the top to the beginning of my slit).  Mistress
Janet told me to lay down on the bench.  Two sisters lifted my legs
straight up, lifting me up until they could position the pillow, and
then they positioned me with my ass just at the end of the pillow.  My
cut was now a foot higher than my head.  Mistresses Barbara and Karen
took my legs and pulled them apart just enough for Mistress Janet to
reach in and measure my slit fro one end, across my clit, my love hole,
my backdoor, to the other end.  They pulled my legs wider.She measured
my slit again, top to clit, clit to fuckhole, fuckhole to asshole,
asshole to the back end of my crack.  They pushed my legs toward my
chest, spreading them wider.  Mistress Jane measured everything about my
cunt.  The diameter of my clit, its length, the lengths of my pussy
lips.  Mistresses Karen and Barbara each put a hand to my cunt and
pulled her side of my cunt lips open.  They stretched my cuntlips as
open and as tight as possible.  Mistress Janet measured how far my lips
could spread.  She measured the opening of my love hole.  And then she
measured the diameter of my ass pucker.  She went away.  I couldn't see
what was happening.  Then I heard giggles and Mistress Janet returned.
She said it was time to measure the depth of my creamy hole.  She held
up an immense candle, at least a foot and a half log, with ruler
markings on it.  I didn't want her to do it, but I wanted something
slipped into my horny cunt.  I shook my head no.  She rubbed the tip
around my love opening.  I nodded yes.  She slowly worked that rod into
me, twisting, pushing deeper and deeper.  Pushing to the top of my
canal, pushing deeper.  My cunt loosening until I had a full twelve
inches in me She pushed again.  I cried out in pain.  She immediately
backed off.  She told me that this was not meant as punishment, just the
same measurement that all the sister took.  She eased the candle out of
my cunt.

She turned away and then back.  She said now to measure my ass depth.
She held up a smaller, thinner candle.  I pleaded with them not to stick
it in my ass.  She asked how many cocks I had taken into my backdoor.  I
told her none.  She smiled and said she would be gentle with my virgin
ass.  She began to rub something slippery on my ass pucker.  It felt
cool and tingly.  She rubbed gently around and around and then from my
hole radiating out.  She rubbed the grease slowly into my hole.  She
pushed gently, probing, greasing, spreading my hole open.  She pushed
her fingertip into me.  It tingled, out from my ass, across my entire
crotch, and ignited my clit.  I was warm, tingly, eager.  She twisted
her finger around, I squirmed.  She pulled her finger out, and put some
more grease on my pucker.  She put th tip of the candle against my
backdoor, and slowly, gently pushed the candle into my ass.  Waves of
tingles washed over me.  This was a new wonderful sensation.  Not quite
pain, but a pleasure different from any other.  I don't know how deep
she pushed it or how long she kept it in me I didn't care.  It felt
great.  Mistresses Karen and Barbara helped me sit up.  They moved the
pillow around and had me lay back, legs draped on each side.  They told
me to close my eyes and rest.  A few mintues later, Mistress Janet
brought me a soda.  Sitting up, I took a few sips.  She tol me the next
measurement was to be how long it took for me to make myself cum with my
fingers.  I told her I had not done that before today.  She said it
w long it took, and that my cunt would know what should
be done.  She told me to just lay back, close my eyes and do what felt
good.  As I put my hands down to my cunt, she started a stopwatch.  I
laid back, closed my eyes and thought about Tom stroking my pussy lips
rubbing my hard little clittie.  I mimiced his rubbing.  My pussy warmed
up.  I felt no inhibitions.  I spread my pussy lips with one hand and
pushed on my clittie with the other.  I stroked and rubbed until I knew
I wanted something in my cunt hole.  I dipped my fingertip in.  I slowly
moved it in circles, pushing my cunt hole open.  I circled wider,
opening my hole wider.  I felt an urge I had to satisfy.  I plunged my
finger as deep into my love hole as I could.  I held it there.  I
squeezed my cunt walls around my finger and slowly eased it out.  I
plunged in again, and again.  With each plunge, tingles spread out from
my cunt.  I laid my finger along my open slit, across my hard clit, and
bent into my hole.  I stroked down, digging my finger into my juicy
tunnel.  I drew back, rubbing hard against my clit.  I rubbed.  I
dreamed.  I rubbed harder, faster.  I was just cumming.  My urges had
built until I didn't know what I was doing, I didn't care what I was
doing.  As long as I was cumming, it felt great.  And I came.  I dropped
my hands to my sides and opened my eyes.  All the sisters were crowded
around to get a good look at me.  Remembering my instructions, I stood
up on the bench, curtsied to their applause and thanked them for
allowing me to cum so nicely.

My mistresses lead me upstairs.  They brought me into what looked like a
locker room.  It must have taken up a third of the second floor of the
house.  It was all tiled, with several dressing stalls, several wooden
benches.  There were two padded tables like a doctor's examination
table.  There was a sauna in one corner.  They motioned me into the
shower room.  It was at least 10 feet square, with two rows of shower
spigots around the three sides.  Mistress President turned on the master
control and I was instantly drenched.  The upper row of spigots were
aimed at the center of the room at the height of my shoulders.  The
lower row was aimed at my hips and pussy.  They told me to turn around.
I turned slowly, letting the hot streams of water was me all over.  They
turned the water off.  Mistress President said it was time for the to
make sure I was nice and clean.  Mistresses Barbara and Karen stepped
forward and started to undress.  Mistress Barbara took off her blouse to
reveal a set of bare, jiggling breasts.  Then she dropped her slacks,
stepped out of them, and stood up.  I could see her totally naked for
the first time.  Her lion's mane of golden blonde hair, her fleshy tits,
her muscular tummy, her rounded hips, and to my surprise a shaven cunt.
I looked at Mistress Karen.  She was stepping out of her jeans.  She had
a short sassy head of brown hair, slender shoulders, small pointy tits
(not as small as mine).  I looked at her slender hips as she lowered her
panties, and again at a shaven cunt as she turned toward me.  The
stepped into the shower with me each holding a big soft sponge and a
squeeze bottle.  Mistress Barbara squirted some green liquid across my
chest.  Mistress Karen started rubbing it with her sponge.  This liquid
soap quickly foamed up.  The sponge felt tingly as she rubbed my tits.
Mistress Barbara was washing my shoulders, my back, my hips.  They
washed my chest, each soaping and rubbing her side of me.  Barbara
working on my left tittie, Karen on my right.  They progressed down my
tummy then around to my hips.  Each caressing my closest ass cheek.
Mistress Barbara told me to spread my legs.  I did.  She told me to
clasp my hands behind my neck.  They knelt down.  They repeated their
soaping of my ass, gently rubbing each cheek round and round.  They
worked their way down the back of my legs.  They worked their way up the
front from my feet up to my knees, then slowly from my knees up to my
crotch.  Mistress Karen squirted soap all over my pubic hair.  Mistress
Barbara put her hand on my mound.  She wiggled her fingers into my
curls.  She worked th soap into a froth, gently washing my love
triangle.  Mistress President told me to turn toward the back wall.  She
told me to bend over and grab a rail that was about a foot off the
floor.

My mistresses stood on each side of me.  They told me to spread my legs
as they opened their legs to let me put mine between their own.  They
squeezed their legs around mine, holding me tight.  My mistresses
squirted soap on my ass.  They used their hands to spread the soap all
over, making my ass all slippery.  They spread that slippery soap down
into my cunt, pulling my pussy lips apart, rubbing all thru my slit.
Mistress Karen held my pussy lips open, so Mistress Barbara could rub
the soap all around my clittie, rubbing it, then pinching it.  I felt so
warm and slippery, I didn't care that these were girls working on me.
They took their sponges, and briskly worked on my ass and pussy until I
was covered with soapy froth.  They took hoses from the walls.  Mistress
President told me to stand and face them.  She told me to spread my arms
and legs.  I stood spread eagle as my mistresses sprayed me with a fine
warm mist, rinsing my body.  Then they aimed the hoses at the floor and
tightened the sprays to tiny streams.  Then they motioned for me to turn
around.  I turn toward the back wall and spread my arms and legs.
Mistress Karen pushed me up to the wall.  My erect nipples pressing
against the smooth cool tile.  The streams hit me across the top of my
back.  The pulsating streams, pounding me, warmed and relaxed every
muscle they hit.  They massaged my back with those sprays.  Then down to
my asscheeks.  I tightened my ass muscles against the pounding.  But
those pulsating sprays made me relax.  The water was turned off and my
mistress began to dry me.  Then they brought me to the outer room and
helped me up onto an examination table.  My mistresses stood on each
side of me with Mistress President at the foot.  They lifted my legs and
pulled me down to the end of the table.They pulled my legs wider and
held my arms over my head.  Some of the sisters lifted my bottom and put
a pillow under me, exposing my cunt for all to see.  Mistress President
began to stroke my curly bush.  She told me that all pledges should look
like pretty little virgins.  She pulled out a pair of scissors and
snipped a lock from my bush.  She handed the curl to Mistress Janet who
put it in a plastic bag.  Mistress President snipped away all of my
pussy curls.  She gently pulled the hairs on the sides of my slit to cut
as close to the skin as possible.  When I had nothing but stubble left,
she laid a hot, wet washcloth on my open cunt.  The warmth of that cloth
spread up to my titties and down to my ass pucker.  Mistress President
removed the cloth and sprayed a glob of shaving cream onto the middle of
my triangle.  She gently spread the cream all over my pussy stubble,
massaging it into every little hair.  She brought out a razor and gently
shaved off my stubble.  She told them to open me further.  They pulled
my legs, lifting my bottom off the pillow.  Mistress President cleaned
all around my asshole.  She washed off the shaving cream with another
hot wet washcloth.  I was tingling.  Warm all over.  Mistress President
poured some lotion onto my clean crotch.  She rubbed it all over,
softening, soothing my tender cunt skin.  She began to rub that cool
lotion onto my clit.  I felt my clittie warming to her touch.

My mistresses began to stroke my tits.  More hands reached for me,
touching, stroking, gently caressing every inch of me.  My mistresses
covered my face with sweet kisses.  I closed my eyes and drifted off
into the wonderful sensations those hands were giving me.  My cunt was
being rubbed, probed, stretched, tingled by these loving sisters.  I
felt multiple fingers pumping my now creamy love hole.  I was oozing my
love juice onto every hand that went into me.  Soon waves of delicious
tingles washed over me as I came,and came, and kept cumming.  Ooozing my
 first multiple orgasm.  After I rested for a while I
got up, curtsied to my mistresses and thanked them all for my fabulous
orgasms.  Mistress President told me to return the next day with a
week's worth of clothes and my smallest bathing suit.


                Eager Beaver's Sorority Affair II

On Saturday afternoon, Barbara met me at the door.  She hugged me and
kissed me on the cheek.  She led me into the living room and introduced
me to the other two pledges.  We were immediately told to strip.  The
three of us striped down, nervously exposing three shaven cunts.  The
sisters took our clothes and the suitcases we had brought.  Lynn was a
taller, larger girl.  Very fleshy, her hips jiggled with every move.
She had strawberry blonde hair, and very pink nipples.  Her areolas were
the size of silver dollars.  Her tits were very round, like melon
halves.  Kim was an oriental girl, not much larger than me.  She had
long shiny black hair, braided down to cover her asscrack.  She had
small tits with long tight nipples surrounded by dark areolas than stood
out against her ivory white skin.  The sisters brought our bathing suits
back to us.  Kim and I brought small bikinis but Lynn had a tank suit
like the swimming teams use.  She apologized saying that it was the only
one she had at college.  We put on our suits.  Mistress President told
Lynn to stand in the center of the room.  Her two mistresses went next
to her and each took turns cutting away at Lynn's suit with scissors.
They gave her high cut leg holes that uncovered half of each asscheek, a
hole from the bottom of her tits to halfway below where her pubic hair
would have been, and long cuts from the armpit down to her waist.  We
were told that a party would start soon, and that we were to be
waitresses.  We were told that every guy in the place would want to feel
everything we had.  We were NOT told if we were to let them or refuse
them.  While serving food and drinks at the party, guys kept grabbing
us.  Mostly at Lynn's tits and ass, but Kim and I had our share of hands
squeezing our titties and asscheeks.  On guy had me stand next to him,
with my legs open, facing away from the sister he was talking to.  He
put his hand between my legs and massaged the inside of my thigh.  He
worked his hand up to my crotch.  He massaged my shaven cunt thru the
bathing suit.  I was getting juicier all the time.  It felt so good, I
started rocking against his hand.  Before I could cum, I dropped the
tray.  The sister called everyone around and told them what had
happened.  Mistress President declared that I needed to be punished for
my clumsiness.  They took me into the living room and stood me in front
of the fireplace.  Mistress President told me to take the proper
position.  I turned around and bent over.  Mistresses Karen and Barbara
were at my side to hold me as I spread my legs wide and grabbed my
ankles.  Every guy in the place could see the small suit stretching
tightly across my cunt.  The offended sister came to me with a paddle in
her hand.

SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK.  Fast hard blows covered my ass with the
tingling half pain - half pleasure warmth.  Mistress President announced
that the offended guest should have a chance to punish me with his
hand.  He came next to me.  SMACK His hand came down.  He didn't pull
it away immediately He squeezed the ass flesh he had just spanked.
Smack.  Another blow, another squeeze.  SMACK...SMACK...  He began to
rub my ass, pulling my bikini higher, into my slit, tight across my
clit.  He rubbed his hand up and down my slit, push hard across my clit
and love hole.  The warmth he had imparted to my ass was spreading thru
my cunt.  I was still juicy from his previous hand action and now he
was going to finish the job.  He rubbed.  I warmed and began to push my
juicy cunt back at him.  He rubbed faster.  I bucked faster.  I gasped
and fell on my mistresses when I came.  Everyone applauded and cheered.
My mistresses let me up.  I curtsied and thanked the sisters and the
guest for making my cunt cum.  The sisters had us line up in front of
the fireplace.  Mistress President said that we had not offered the
boys anything for dessert.  Mistress Karen grabbed the top of my bikini
and pulled it away from my tits, just far enough for Mistress Barbara
to pour chocolate syrup onto my titties.  Then Mistress Karen took one
tit, Mistress Barbara took the other, and they massaged the chocolate
syrup all over my little titties.  I could see Kim and Lynn were also
having their tits coated with chocolate.  My mistresses took scissors
and snipped at my top until only the sticky chocolate held it on.  Then
they pull our tops off, showing six chocolate covered tits to all the
guests.  The boys were cheering for our tits.  Mistress President came
to each of us and poured more chocolate on us.  She stepped back and
told us to let every guy taste our sweet bosoms.  Leaning forward, we
let each guy lick the chocolate off us.  When the chocolate was gone,
a sister would pour on more for th next guy to lick off.  After each
guy had licked all six titties, we went back to the center of the room.
Mistress President went to Lynn, pulled open the front of her bottom
piece and poured honey into her crotch.  Just the thought of letting all
those boys licking honey off my cunt made me hot and horny.  Mistress
President did the same to Kim and then to me.  We stood there for a few
minutes, honey dripping from our hot cunts.  At last Mistress President
told the boys that they could dream about our honey cunts all night
long but that the party was over.  She told them to say good night to
us.  We stood there, topless, chocolate coated tits, honey drenched
cunts as each guy came to say good night.  Their hands all over our
asses, mouths all over our titties.  When they were all gone, we were
told to go take a shower, and to leave our suits up there.

We went to the shower room, stripped and began to wash the sweet
stickiness from our hairless cunts.  I looked at Kim and Lynn and saw
from the look on their faces that we all needed some satisfaction.  I
watched as Lynn lowered her hand to her big clean cunt and began to
finger her slit.  With her other hand she would squeeze her fleshy
tits, occasionally pinching her nipples.  I lowered my hand to my eager
slit and began to mimic Lynn, even the tit rubbing that I had never
done before.  I closed my eyes and drifted off into the warm wet dreams
of pleasure, until I had satisfied my sexual urges with a hard bucking
orgasm.  When I recovered Lynn and I saw Kim sitting on the floor,
rubbing her clit hard and fast.  She had followed our lead into
pleasure.  Harder and faster she rubbed until she shook with her
orgasm.  We helped her up and kissed each other.  At least the three of
us were sisters in sex.  We finished washing, dried off, and went down
stairs with towels wrapped around us (Lynn's didn't cover everything).
We went into the living room.  We were surprised to see two guy there,
stark naked.  Mistress President motioned us forward.  She told us that
these two would be the next part of our initiation.  She told them our
names, as the sisters ripped away the towels leaving us as bare as
could be.  Mistress President introduced the boys: Master Hard and
Master Easy.

Kim, Lynn and I were staring at these two naked hunks.  I was oblivious
to my own complete nudity.  I was fascinated with these gorgeous
specimens of the male gender.  Mistress President told us about the
nicknames she had given them.  Hard was tall, at least 6'2", wavy brown
hair, hard tight muscles from his shoulders all the way down.  His hard
cock was sticking straight out, bobbing up and down when he shifted his
stance.  Easy was shorter, about 5'7", with blonde hair and lovely blue
eyes.  His muscles didn't stand out as much as Hard's but he certainly
had some nice ones.  Easy's cock was also at attention.  Mistress
President told us that Hard was the hardest cock to make cum, that he
coul She told us that Easy was not as
hard to put down, but was very easy to get up again, and again, and
again.  Lynn giggled.  Someone pushed her forward.  Mistress President
went to her, pinched her big pink nipples, then led her by the nipples
to the center of the room.  Mistress President told her to take the
proper position for her punishment.  Lynn took her position with her
mistresses holding her.  Lynn's open legs exposed her big pink love
hole for us to see.  It was so large and wide open, almost asking for a
fuck.  Mistress President told Hard and Easy to give Lynn a good
spanking.  They stood on each side of her and began to spank her big
fleshy asscheeks.  When she got slapped, everything jiggled her
asscheeks, her cunt lips, and especially her melon sized tits.  They
continued spanking her, making her ass glow bright pink.  Mistress
President told them to find out how horny Lynn's cunt could get.  They
pulled her cunt lips open and began to probe her love hole and rub her
passion button.  I saw Lynn close her eyes, and I knew she was enjoying
this examination.  Hard and Easy probed her, rubbed her, one finger,
two fingers, one finger from each of them.  Probing, stretching,
pulling Lynn's love hole open, more and more.  Pumping fingers,
alternating thrusts.  Now two fingers from each guy, plunging, pulling
out covered with her white creamy froth.  They jammed they fingers deep
into her hole and she shuttered as she came.  When her mistresses let
her up, Lynn curtsied and thanked the sisters for a good finger
fucking.

Mistress President said it was time for us to thank the boys for helping
with our initiation. Kim and Lynn were told to kneel down. The boys
were brought in front of them. Kim and Lynn were told to start sucking.
I was told to take a handfull of crushed ice in each hand, to go behind
the boys, rub the ice on both asses and watch the other pledges suck.
Both boys were startled by my cold fondles, they arched forward, shoving
their cocks at my fellow pledges. Lynn was bouncing her head up and
down on Hard's cock, sucking it all the way into her mouth. Kim was
doing a tongue job on Easy's cock. She had one hand on his shaft,
pumping up and down. Her tongue was licking his bulging head around and
around like a tootsie pop. I rubbed my cold wet hands over those tight
muscular asses, squeezing cheeks, watching those blowjobs, yearning to
work on one of them. Easy began to move his hips in and out as Kim took
his cockhead into her mouth. He was fucking his cockhead in and out of
her little mouth. I squeezed his asscheek harder and pushed him forward
on each stroke. I saw Easy's cock twitch and saw his cream ooze out of
the corners of Kim's mouth. Kim was told to swallow it, all of it. She
swallowed what she had in her mouth, then wiped the excess from her face
with a finger. She was told to swallow every last drop of cum. Kim put
her finger in her mouth and sucked the cum off. Lynn was still sucking
on Hard and he was still very hard. Lynn was told to stop. We were
told to change places. Kim was to suck Hard, Lynn was to fondle their
asses, and I was to suck Easy. I took my position in front of Easy's
dangling organ. I brought both hands up to that cock. I cupped my left
hand under his balls and circled my right hand around his shaft. I
squeezed his balls and pulled on his soft cock. As I pulled I could
feel it filling with blood. I was told to suck it. I leaned forward
and took his head into my mouth. I ran my tongue over that bulb while I
pumped his shaft and squeezed his balls. I sucked, that bulb kept
growing, filling my mouth. Easy pushed his hips forward. I opened my
mouth as his cock slid in, over my tongue, deep into my throat. I had
never had a guy's whole cock in my mouth. I wanted it now. Easy pushed
in, I sucked in, and my lips touched his silky soft hair. I held all of
his marvelous cock in my mouth. Mistress President slapped my ass and
told me to suck it not swallow it whole. I sucked as hard as I could as
he pulled his cock out of my mouth. I put my hand back on his shaft and
pumped. I sucked at his cockhead until I felt his rod twitching. I
held his shaft tight. I opened my mouth and let Easy squirt his hot
salty cum into my mouth. Not a drop escaped my mouth and tongue as I
licked every drop oozing out of his manhood. I would have been willing
to drink his cum all day and all night. We were told to change places
again.

I moved in front of Hard's still rigid cock. Lynn took her position in
front of Easy and Kim went behind them and grabbed their ass cheeks.
Lynn was already taking all of Easy's cock into her mouth. I faced
Hard's long cock. It was longer than Easy's but not as thick. I knew I
couldn't take it all into my mouth, so I started a tongue job. First
all around his head, then tightening my tongue I ran the tip down the
cleft at the front of his helmet and down the silky length of his shaft.
I flattened my tongue against his cock muscle and licked all the way up
to his head. I kept licking him with these long strokes. I held his
balls in one in each hand, rubbing them like large marbles. I would
occasionally feel Kim's fingers between his tight cheeks. I licked at
his cockhead. I moved my right hand around his long hard shaft and
pumped. I pumped it, squeezing tight and pulling his manhood to my warm
wanting tongue. I pumped harder, faster. I saw Lynn Easy's third load
of cum in her mouth. I wanted Hard to spew his cream into my mouth. I
licked across the top of his helmet and wiggled the tip into his piss
hole. I felt someone pull my hand from his balls. They put some
crushed ice into my open hand and pressed it up between his legs to his
hot balls. I rubbed the ice onto his balls. They tightened. His cock
twitched. I pumped harder. I could fell his load running the length of
that hard shaft. I took his head into my mouth as his hot, thick cum
shot out. There was so much cum that I had to open my mouth and he
pulled back a bit. His cock kept squirting hot thick cum across my
face, my cheeks, down my chin, into my open mouth. I swallowed as much
as I could. When he stopped spewing, i licked at his cock, licking off
every drop. I moved my hand to wipe the cum from my face and was
stopped by Mistress President. She told me to share my good fortune
with the other pledges. The boys moved away and Kim and Lynn knelt in
front of me. Mistress President told them to lick Hard's cum from my
face and taste his treasure. They both went at me the way I went at
Hard's cock. Fast, furious, wanting every drop, they licked my face,
checks, chin and lips.

We were escorted to the dining room and told to have something to eat
and drink. We made some sandwiches from the buffet and talked a bit.
Mistress Janet came in and told us to come into the living room. They
had put a large coffee table in the center. Mistress Barbara took me
to the table and had me sit down facing the fireplace. Kim and Lynn
were seated on the other side. We were told to lay back so that we
were laid out on the table alternating head to cunt. Mistress Barbara
lifted my legs and told Kim and Lynn to hold them open. Then Kim's and
Lynn's mistresses lifted their legs and told me to hold the leg next to
me. Their mistresses held the other leg. I was able to look to each
side an see a beautiful hairless cunt. I looked down and saw that both
Kim and Lynn were intently watching my exposed cunt. Mistress Barbara
poured some honey onto my cunt. The other mistresses equally covered
Kim's and Lynn's open slits. Mistress President told us it was time
for our 'honey pies' to get decently (or indecently) eaten. Hard and
Easy knelt down facing Kim's and Lynn's honey coated cunts and began to
lick the sweetness off them. I kept looking from side to side to watch
those lovely tongues lapping at my fellow pledges. They had just
licked the honey layer off without delving deeper into their sweetness.
Mistress President told them to switch. Hard moved down to kneel at my
twat. Easy went to Lynn's cunt. Kim and Lynn were coated with more
honey. The boys were told to resume eating their dessert. Hard
gth of
my slit. Easy was busy at Lynn's cunt, licking at every fold of her
cunt lips. Hard's long cleaning strokes covered my entire crotch.
Easy pulled Lynn's cunt open and started rapid licks at her big bright
pink love button. Hard kept up his long laps at my slit, warming every
inch of my womanhood. I yearned for the fast licks that Easy was now
administering to Lynn's cunt hole. Lynn was pushing her cunt up at
Easy's tongue. She was begining to cum when her mistress pulled Easy
away. Mistress President told them to switch places. Hard went to
Kim's cunt and Easy went down to mine. More honey was poured on my
cunt. The boys began licking again, both hard and fast, quickly
cleaning our cunts. Kim was already pushing her cunt at Hard's rapid
tongue lashing. Easy pulled my lips open and began flicking his tongue
against my hot clittie. I pushed my cunt up to his tongue as tight as
I could. I wanted him to eat me until I came. He ran his tongue
around my passion button, sending tingles out across my cunt. He moved
his swirling tongue to my open love hole. I bucked my cunt up against
his tongue. He circled his way into my aching hole. I wanted him to
have my cunt, with his tongue and cock. He plunged his tongue into my
hole. I could se Hard was giving Kim as good a tongue-fuck as Easy was
giving me. They stopped. Our mistresses had pulled them back before
we could cum.

We were three very horny cunts. I was willing to do anything for
satisfaction. We were pulled up to our feet by our mistresses. Other
sisters removed the table and brought in a padded bench with cranks on
each leg to adjust its height. Mistresses Karen and Barbara pulled me
to the bench and had me lay face down on it. Mistress President
announced that the three of us were to each perform a sex act that went
one step further than we had ever gone before. She said I was to be
first to let Easy have a rest between sessions. She told all the
sisters that I still had a virgin ass. She told them it was time for
me to surrender my anal cherry to Easy's magnificent cock. She brought
Easy in front of me and began to lubricate his cock. She turned his
cock over to Mistresses Karen and Barbara. They massaged his
glistening cock while Mistress President went behind me. She began to
apply the slippery grease to my virgin butt. She worked her greasy
finger around my backdoor while I watched my mistresses slowly stroking
that gorgeous man muscle. My cunt was aching for satisfaction. I
wanted that cock in me. If I couldn't have him in my cunt then my ass
was the next best hole. He could have me anyway he wanted. Mistress
President pushed her whole finger into me, send exciting shiver thru
me. She told Easy to come behind me and watch her grease my asshole.
She applied another load of grease and pushed it into my hole, making
sure that I was very greasy and willing. She slapped my ass and told
me that I should reach back, pull my asscheeks open and offer my virgin
asshole.

I moved my hands back to my cheeks and pulled them as wide as possible.
I asked Easy to stick his cock deep into my virgin ass. Mistress
President took his cock and put the head against my backdoor. I asked
Easy to fuck me, to fuck my virgin ass. He pushed forward. He pushed
his bulging cockhead into my inexperienced rectum. It hurt a little as
the head pushed thru my backdoor. He stopped. He held his cock just
head deep until I relaxed and the pain left. His cock felt hot and so
good. I knew I made the right choice. I knew I would enjoy this
assfuck. I begged Easy to push his cock deep, as deep as he could. He
slowly pushed his cock in. My rectal muscles opened to accept his hard
slippery cock. I felt his balls lay against my hairless cunt as he
reached deep inside me. He stopped. I squeezed my dark tunnel around
his rod. I pleaded for him to fuck me. He pulled almost all the way
out. His sudden withdrawal surprised me. His equally sudden return
delighted me. His plunging cock warmed and tingled me where no man had
ever tingled me before. It was a new and great sensation to have his
luscious cock plunging deep into my butt. I loosened my grip on my
asscheeks and relaxed to take this delightful ass fuck. His cock
plunging deep into my greasy tail and then pulling almost all the way
out before plunging in again, sent warm tingling warms thru my entire
body. my pleasure was building, without any work on my cunt, I knew I
was going to cum if he kept screwing me. Easy increased his pace,
pumping in and out of my backdoor. My cunt was oozing love juice with
each thrust into my tail. My orgasm was building. I was going to cum.
Easy's cock was making me cum by fucking my asshole. My cunt began to
pulsate as if I were squeezing a cock. I was squeezing my cream out.
I started cumming. I begged Easy to fuck me harder, faster, to make me
cum more. He sped up. He pumped my tail, deeper, faster, harder. I
was cumming, oozing my cream out of my cunt hole. I squeezed my ass
muscles and bucked against his plunging cock until my first anally
induced orgasm subsided. It was the longest single orgasm I ever had.
Easy kept up his pace, pumping in and out of my slippery tail. I
squeezed at his cock. I wanted him to cum, to shoot his hot load into
my waiting receptacle. I felt his pace waver. Then he plunged hilt
deep into me and held there. His cock started jerking inside me,
spewing his cream, filling my butt. He stayed there as his cock
emptied and then softened. He pulled out. I squeezed his retreating
cock to show him I really enjoyed him. It was like a plug being
unpopped as his cockhead finally left me. With his cream oozing from
my asshole I stood up, curtsied and thanked Mistress President and Easy
for deflowering my ass.

Mistress Barbara brought out a bowl of steamy water and a washcloth.
She told me to clean Easy's cock very "nicely". I knelt in front of
him and gently put the hot wet cloth to his gorgeous but now limp cock.
I covered his organ and gently rubbed the grease off. I rinsed the
cloth and washed him again. Mistress Barbara said I should wash him
clean enough to suck. I rinsed the cloth and continued washing his
cock and balls. The more I washed, the thicker and stiffer he became.
When he was clean enough, I lifted his cock and sucked the head into my
mouth. I rolled my tongue around and around that luscious lollipop. I
slowly pumped my hand along his stiffening shaft, pulling his cock into
my mouth. He was getting rock hard again. Mistress Barbara stopped me
and Mistress President announced that it was time for Kim to perform
her sex act. Mistress President told everyone that Kim was even more
virginal than I was. Kim had never taken a cock into her cunt.
Mistress President asked Kim if she was ready to spread her legs and
offer her hairless virgin cunt to Hard's cock. Kim readily agreed.
She was told to lay on the bench face up. Lynn and I were positioned
on each side of her. Her mistresses brought Hard to the foot of the
bench, leading him by his massive erection. They told Kim to raise her
legs straight up. We were told to hold them there. The mistresses
pulled Hard's cock closer to Kim's clean cunt lips and gently rubbed
them with his bulging cockhead. We were told to pull her legs toward
her chest and then open. We stepped toward Kim's head, pulling her
legs and cunt open. Her mistresses again rubbed her lips with Hard's
cockhead. Rubbing up and down between her lips, across her virgin hole
and hot clittie. Her mistresses asked her what she wanted. She said
she wanted to get fucked. One of them slapped Kim's cunt and told her
to be very specific. Kim said she wanted Hard's cock to fuck her hot
virgin cunt. One mistress poured some oil onto Kim's cunt. The other
massaged it into her love hole. Then they both coated Hard's cock with
it. They nudged Hard forward and rubbed his oily cockhead between
Kim's lips until they worked his head into her virgin hole. Kim closed
her eyes as her mistresses worked that bulging cockhead into her. They
stopped.

Kim relaxed and opened her eyes. Her mistresses told her to ask for
what she wanted. She asked her mistresses to have Hard plunge his cock
. Hard jammed forward, ramming his cock
into her, all the way in. He filled her cunt. Kim gasped at the sudden
deflowering. She relaxed, warming to the feel of cock filling her
depths. When she had gotten over the shock of his initial thrust, Kim
begged Hard to fuck her. Hard slowly pulled back until just his head
was in her. Then he slowly pushed in again filling her with his
manhood. We were told to squeeze Kim's tits. I reached down and cupped
my hand over her soft pointed tittie. Lynn did the same to her other
tit. We gently rubbed her tits the way I knew I would want mine rubbed.
Hard pulled out and pushed in slowly. Long slow strokes were warming
Kim as she had never been heated before. A soft pleading sound came
from Kim's mouth, pleading for Hard to fuck her faster. Hard increased
the speed of his strokes. Lynn and I increased the speed and strength
of our tit squeezes. Kim's was slowly moving her head from side to
side, getting lost in the pleasure I knew Hard's cock was giving her.
Her mistresses went behind Lynn and I. They took Kim's hands and placed
them on our butts. Kim squeezed my still greasy ass tight. I returned
the squeeze to her tit and then pinched her nipple. Hard was now
slamming into Kim's wet willing cunt. Pulling back, slamming forward to
the hilt, his ball sack slapping against her ass. Kim was writhing in
pleasure, moaning, squeezing our asscheeks. She arched her back to push
her cunt against Hard's driving thrusts. Lynn twisted Kim's nipple, I
repeated it on the tit I held, then we pulled her nipples up. Kim began
to buck against Hard's cock, squeezing female ass, flopping her head
side to side. I knew she was beginning to cum. Hard increased his
speed. He was really ramming his cock into her. I was almost drooling
at the sight of his man meat sliding in and out of Kim's glistening
smooth cunt. Kim squeezed my ass tighter than ever as she tensed her
entire body. She was cumming. Hard pulled out and then slammed in
harder, faster and deeper than before. Then he stopped and held himself
deep inside Kim's love hole. Kim's orgasm subsided and she relaxed.
She loosened her grip on my ass, but didn't let go. Lynn and I rubbed
her tits round and round, slowly, gently. Her face glowed with a
pleasure I knew well. When she recovered, Hard pulled out of her with a
popping sound as her cunt resisted his departure. We helped her sit up
to see that Hard was still very hard. Kim stood up, curtsied and
thanked the sisters for making her a total woman.

Mistress President went to Lynn and pinched her large erect nipples.
She led Lynn by her nipples to the center of the room.  Mistress
President told everyone that there wasn't a virginal hole in Lynn.  She
told us that Lynn had started sucking when she was 11, had stripped and
69'ed with boys when she was 13, had her cunt cherry taken at 15, her
ass cherry at her sweet sixteen party and at a party after her senior
prom had taken two guys in all three holes in separate sessions.
Mistress President told us that tonight Lynn should take both Easy and
Hard in every hole in the same sex session and to finish as the meat in
a sex sandwich.  She asked Lynn if she was willing to perform this act
for the sorority.  Lynn said that she was willing to do anything, to
take anyone in any hole.  Lynn was told to get down on her hands and
knees.  Easy knelt down in front of her, lifted her chin and put his
cock to her lips.  Mistress President told her to open her mouth and
let Easy fuck her face.  Lynn opened her mouth and let Easy's cock
slide past her lips.  She closed her lips around his shaft as he pushed
his cock into her mouth and down her throat.  Without seeming to try
hard, she took the entire length of Easy's cock into her mouth.  Easy
got a silly satisfied grin on his face as he slowly fucked her willing
experienced mouth.  Her mistresses stopped Easy and had him move around
behind Lynn.  After reaching down to make sure Lynn's cunt was
lubricated enough, Easy took Lynn by the hips and jammed his cock into
her cunt.  I almost came thinking about the pleasure that cock had
given my ass and how much I wanted him in my cunt.  I could see Lynn
get the same silly grin as Easy gave her cunt several long, slow
strokes.  He pumped Lynn's cunt slowly, making sure that she was
getting properly juiced up.  Lynn pushed her cunt against Easy as he
pushed into her love hole.  She started to speed up her pushing, trying
to get Easy to speed up his fucking.  Lynn wanted a fucking.  She
wanted Easy to pound his cock into her.  Her mistresses stopped Easy
and had him pull out of her cunt.  They applied a coat of grease to
Lynn's bright pink asspucker and then to Easy's cock.  They pulled
Lynn's cheeks open as Easy pushed his cockhead into her backdoor.  My
cunt was quivering with memories of the pleasure of my assfuck.  I knew
she was going to enjoy having her ass fucked up.  He slowly eased the
full length of his cock into her butt and held her tight.  He leaned
over her and asked if she wanted long slow strokes or a hard fast
pounding.  She said she wanted a fast pounding.  He slowly pulled his
cock out until just the head was still in her rectum.  Then her
mistresses gave her a hard fast spanking, making her asscheeks glow
red.  When they were finished, easy gave her the hard fast pounding
assfuck that she wanted.  He rammed his cock in and out of her as she
bucked her tail to meet his thrusts.  She was moaning and thoroughly
enjoying the ass reaming Easy was giving her.  Before Lynn or Easy
could cum, the mistresses stopped them, and Easy pulled out and got up.
Mistress President brought Hard in front of Lynn, leading him by his
massive cock.  Hard knelt down and lifted Lynn's chin.  His cockhead
slowly brushed across her lips.  He held her chin so she would not be
able to open her mouth yet.  He took his cock in hand and slowly rubbed
his bulging cockhead all over her face.  Mistress President stopped him
and told Lynn to open her mouth to take Hard's cock for another face
fuck.  Hard moved his hands to each side of her head.  Lynn opened her
mouth and Hard pushed his cock into her.  Without resistance, without
gagging, Lynn took the entire length of that cock into her mouth.  Hard
held her head with his cock filling her mouth.  He began to fuck her
face.  Not slowly like Easy but not fast, just loving strokes of his
long hard cock.  After a few moments, her mistresses stopped Hard.  He
pulled out of her mouth and moved around behind Lynn.  Her mistresses
told her to put her tits on the floor and her ass high in the air.
They spread her legs a little wider.  Hard moved closer, held her by
her hips and pounded into her waiting cunt hole.  After a few more
moments of fucking, her mistresses stopped Hard.  He pulled out of
Lynn's cunt and the mistresses applied another coat of grease to her
pucker and to Hard's cream covered cock.  They pulled her cheeks to
open her gaping backdoor and Hard pushed his blood gorged cockhead into
Lynn's willing tail.  The mistresses repeated the fast spanking and
Hard rammed the rest of his cock into her.  He fucked her ass.  She
moaned.  She groaned.  She wanted to cum.  Her mistresses stopped Hard.
My cunt was aching from watching Lynn take all that good fucking
without being allowed to cum.  Her mistresses helped Lynn stand up.
Other sisters moved the bench back into position.  Mistress President
told Easy to lay on the bench.  Then Lynn was instructed to climb on
and sit her cunt down onto Easy's cock.  Lynn eagerly climbed on and
swallowed Easy's cock into her smooth juicy cunt.  Easy reached up and
pinched her nipples.  He pulled her down and they kissed.  Very
passionately, they explored each others mouth and tongue.  Lynn's
mistresses applied a third coat of grease to Lynn's ass pucker.
Mistress President again pulled Hard into position by his cock.  The
bench was too high for Hard to get into Lynn's ass.  Some sisters
cranked the bench lower.  Then Mistress President pushed Hard's
cockhead into Lynn's receptive butt.  As Hard pushed his entire length
into Lynn, I could see a glow of absolute delight wash across her face.
 of cock, no one moved.  They just held
her tight, filling her, enjoying the sensations of her fuck holes.  Our
mistresses took us to stand on each side of Lynn.  We were told to lift
her up, hold her and rub her tits the way a horny teenaged boy would.
We lifted Lynn and she slipped her arms around our waists.  Kim and I
grabbed at Lynn's massive tits.  I had never squeezed another girl's
tits.  Lynn's were softer and fleshier than mine(as well as a great
deal larger).  As we massaged her tits and pinched her nipples, she
began moaning and moving her hips trying to work on both of those
cocks.  Mistress President told Hard to give Lynn the best ass fuck he
could.  He started stroking her rectum with his bulging cock.  We could
see both Lynn and Easy enjoying the sensations Hard was providing.  Kim
and I kept up our tit work, as Easy put a hand on our asses.  I opened
my legs to let him probe my horny cunt.  He worked his finger into my
joy hole and rubbed his thumb on my (no longer virginal) ass pucker.
His gentle probing was driving me crazy.  I wanted to cum.  I could see
Kim grinding her cunt against Easy's hand until she was slapped by her
mistresses.  When Hard moved into Lynn's ass, he didn't stop when he
was all the way in.  He pushed Lynn forward, sliding her the length of
Easy's cock.  Then he would pull her back down Easy's shaft and then
Hard would pull his cock out, leaving just his cockhead inside her
backdoor.  He repeated this double fuck for a while until Lynn bucked
against these two cocks cumming to her climax.  She fell limp against
us.  We were told to just hold her up, but not to let go of her tits.
Then Mistress President told the boys to finish up her creaming.  Both
Easy and Hard began moving in Lynn's holes.  Hard was giving her a hard
fast ass pounding while Easy lifted his hips to drive his cock deep
into Lynn's cunt on Hard's withdrawal.  They kept up this hard fucking
until Easy rammed his fingers into my cunt and ass and shot his load of
cum into Lynn's cunt hole.  Hard pulled Lynn down onto Easy's cock,
plugging her cunt hole.  He held her tight and pounded her butt hole,
harder and faster and deeper than ever.  He finally rammed his cock
into her and she gasped as Hard emptied his cream-filled balls into
Lynn's tail.  He collapsed on top of Lynn who collapsed on us.  We were
told to lay them down on Easy and let them relax.  When they recovered,
they got up with the help of Lynn's mistresses.  They whispered to Lynn
as they helped her.  Then Lynn led Easy and Hard to the fireplace by
their softened cocks.  Turning to face the whole sorority, Lynn
curtsied and thanked them for the creamiest fuck ever, and then she
kissed each cockhead.  Kim and I were ordered to the center of the
room.  Mistress President asked us if our cunts were satisfied or if we
needed more work on our cunts.  We looked at each other, smiled and
said that we needed more cunt action.  The boys were sent to get
dressed and we were told to sit on the floor and spread our legs.  Six
inch candles were tossed to us.  We were told to cream our own cunts
until we were satisfied.  We were the two horniest cunts in town.  We
grabbed those candles and buried them in our shaven twats.  We pumped.
We rubbed.  We creamed.  And we came.  We were told to leave the
candles in our holes as our mistresses helped us stand up.  Lynn was
bent over and another candle was stuffed into her wanton hole.  Kim
and I curtsied to thank the sisters for a chance to satisfy our cunts.
When Easy and Hard came back, they came to each of us and gave us a
double tit sucking, Easy on the right tit, Hard on the left.  With
their hot mouths on our tits, their fingers probing our asses, rubbing
our clits, we said good-bye to those fantastic studs.

We were sent upstairs to the shower room to clean up.  We were told we
could take the candles out while we washed but we had to put them back
in when we were finished in the shower.  We went up to the shower room,
removed our candles and gently washed our tenderized slits.  When we
finished we dried off, inserted the candles into our cunt holes and
headed back to our mistresses.  They met us in the hallway dressed in
their pajamas.  Mistress Barbara was wearing a see-thru blue babydoll
nightie.  Mistress Karen was wearing a large boys tee-shirt that just
barely covered her pink panties.  Our mistresses directed us to a
bedroom on that floor that would be ours for the next week.  It had
three single beds with wooden headboards and frames.  There was one
dresser, a closet and our suitcases.  Our mistresses led us each to a
bed.  We laid down.  My mistresses sat on each side of me.  They each
lifted one of my arms to the headboard and tied my wrists to the bed.
They kissed my cheeks and squeezed my titties.  Then they stood up and
lifted my legs straight up.  I could see that Lynn and Kim were also
tied down and held up.  Our mistresses pulled our legs open.  Both
Mistress Barbara and Mistress Karen slide one hand down my legs to my
hairless cunt.  They pulled my cuntlips open to expose my love hole
with the candle peeking out.  One mistress called for Mistress
President.  The door opened and all the sisters appeared in the doorway
dressed in their nightclothes.  Mistress President went to Kim, who was
nearest the door.  She reached down into Kim's crotch to make sure she
had the candle placed well into her hole.  She bent over Kim's face and
kissed her.  As she lifted up, I could see that Mistress President had
Kim's nipples between her fingers and was pulling them up causing Kim
to arch her back.  Mistress President let go of Kim's nubs and went to
Lynn.  Mistress Janet came in and went to Kim.  Mistress President
repeated this good-night ritual on Lynn.  Mistress Janet repeated it on
Kim.  Then they moved.  Mistress President came to me, Mistress Janet
went to Lynn and another sister came in and went to Kim.  When Mistress
President reached down into my crotch and took hold of the candle
protruding from my pleasure cave.  She slipped it in and out and then
twisted it around.  She pushed it all the way in and patted my clittie
before coming to my face.  She kissed each cheek, wished me sweet
dreams and pinched my nipples.  She twisted my nips round and round and
then pulled them up.  I arched my back to allow her to keep lifting my
tits.  She let go and blew me a kiss.  Mistress Janet took her place
and repeated the ritual.  Every sister took her turn at saying
good-night to us.  When all the sisters finished our mistresses lowered
our legs and tied our ankles to the foot of the bed.  My mistresses
lightly stroked their hands up my legs to my crotch.  They lightly ran
their finger all over my mound and cuntlips.  They each patted my clit
and then stroked my tummy then my titties.  They each grabbed hold of a
tit and bent over to kiss me on the cheeks and they said good-night.
They let go, stood up, and covered me with a blanket.  They left us,
bound hand and foot, cunt filled, thoroughly fucked, but still horny as
hell.


Eager Beaver's Sorority Affair III

We were awakened by our mistresses ripping the blankets from our naked
bodies.  Our mistresses untied our ankles and lifted our legs.  They
reached into our twats to check the position of the candles.  Kim had
apparently pushed hers out overnight because one of her mistresses
jammed it back in.  Lynn and I were given new candles because the heat
of our cunts had softened the candles until they could no longer be
used.  Our mistresses untied our wrists and led us to the shower room.
All the sisters were waiting there.  Mistress President reached into
Lynn's cunt and pulled out the candle.  Her mistresses pushed her into
the steamy shower area.  Then Kim was relieved of her cunt candle and
then mine was pulled out.  We were told to quickly wash up.  When we
were finished soaping and rinsing our bare bodies, Mistress President
stepped forward.  She peeled off her nightshirt to reveal her tight
sleek body, every inch well tanned (including her clean-shaven cunt).
She walked into the shower and told us to wash her.  She pulled my hands
to her erected tits, I had to reach up to wash this tall lady's petite
breasts (they were almost as small as mine, no larger than a 34B).
Lynn's hands were pulled to her hairless crotch and Kim started on her
ass.  Lynn giggled about something and Mistress President grabbed her
head, told her to shoosh and kissed her full on the lips.  We washed
every inch of our head mistress.  When we finished soaping her, she
rinsed off and got out to dry off.  Mistress Janet dropped her robe to
show us yet another hairless cunt.  I knew now that there was not a
single strand of pubic hair in this entire sorority.  She stepped into
the shower and we washed her all over(this time I did her cunt, Kim did
her tits, and Lynn soaped her ass).  After we finished her, three other
sisters stripped and came in.  Mistress Janet rinsed off and left while
we each soaped one of the sisters.  I had to soap this girl's tits,
back, belly, smooth cunt, tight ass, and muscular legs.  Three more
sisters took their places and we continued washing bare tit, cunt and
ass until we had washed the entire sorority(our mistresses last).  After
our mistresses rinsed off they did not get out.  Instead they turned off
the water and Mistress President came back fully clothed.  She announced
that it was time for us to get properly cleaned.  She tossed us bottles
of prepare douche and told us to clean out our cunts.  We hesitated only
long enough to take a deep breath.  But we sat down on that slick tiled
floor, opened the douche bottles and inserted the nozzles into our cunt
holes.  I laid back and squeezed the bottle, flushing the juices out of
my cunt.  We were told to stand up, and the douches were taken from us.
We were told to go to separate walls, face the wall, and bend over to
grab the bottom rail.  After we were in position, other sisters brought
in large enema bags.  Mistress Barbara knelt next to me.  She told me
that they were going to fill my ass with this hot soapy solution.  She
said there would be a bit of pain that would pass as I relaxed and my
insides loosened up.  She said that they would stop whenever I told them
that it hurt, but they wanted me to take as much as I could.  She asked
if I was ready for my cleaning.  I told her I was ready for anything she
wanted to give me.  Mistress Karen began to lubricate my asshole.  I
could see my fellow pledges were also surrendering their tails for this
cleansing.  Mistress Barbara took the long black nozzle and applied a
coat of grease to it.  As Mistress Karen pulled my ass cheeks open,
Mistress Barbara slowly inserted the nozzle into my butt.  It wasn't as
large and filling as Easy's cock had been the night before, but it could
still stimulate my rear tunnel.  She turned it left then right, applying
an even forward pressure, easing it into me.  When it was all the way in
she told me to grip it with my backdoor muscle, to hold it in, to resist
the temptation to push everything out when the liquid was released into
my rectum.  I squeezed it, pulling it in just a touch more, like I
wanted to do to a cock.  I told her I was ready.  She patted my asscheek
and released the clip on the hose.  A flood of hot soapy water rushed
into my bowels.  Nothing, no exercise, no love affair, no sex act had
ever filled me with such a warmth so fast so completely.  With the first
flush of warmth, all my inner muscles squeezed, trying to evacuate my
bowels.  There was a sharp cramping pain and I gasped.  Immediately
Mistress Barbara closed the clamp and stopped the rush of water.  She
knelt down and asked if I was okay.  I caught my breath and told her
that the pain was going away.  She told me to relax and tell her when I
was ready.  I could feel all my insides loosening up.  I no long felt
any pain.  I no longer felt that this was an intrusion, just a nice hot
bath on the inside.  I told her I was ready and she signaled Mistress
Karen to release the clamp again.  This time it did not feel like a
flood, but I knew I could not stop the flow.  It would fill me
completely.  It filled me, every nook and cranny of my ass.  I could
feel my insides swelling, my belly bulging, taking all this hot soapy
water.  I was dripping sweat.  It stretched all my inner muscles and it
began to hurt.  I told my mistresses and they closed the clamp.  The
pain receded much slower than before so Mistress Karen removed the
nozzle from my tail.  That gave me instant relief from the pain, but now
I really had the urge to push it all out my butthole.  Mistress Barbara
told me to squeeze my butt muscles to keep it all in me until the other
pledges were finished.  I could see them removing the nozzle from Kim's
tail, but Lynn could take more than one bag full.  Her mistresses had
removed the hose from the bag and sent for another, leaving Lynn with
the nozzle holding in her cleaning solution.  The sister came back with
another bag, they hooked it up and released the clamp.  Lynn wiggled her
ass but she took the entire second bag before complaining about the
pain.  Her mistresses removed the nozzle and they all helped us stand
up.  We were weak and had to be held up by our mistresses.  They
caressed our tits and cunts and asses.  It all felt warm and loving.  I
didn't mind my ass being filled or a girl squeezing my tits, or rubbing
my clit, or probing my mouth with her hot tongue.  Both my mistresses
fondled every inch of me.  Both kissed me hotter and harder than any boy
ever did.  Both sucked my tiny titties.  It all felt great.  We were led
to the bathroom which had a set of toilets without the partitions you
would normally find in a large restroom.  We were seated on the toilets
and told we could release it all.  There was an instant rush of water
out of my tail and it kept going, I couldn't stop the flow until it was
all gone.  When we were empty and could stand by ourselves, we were led
back into the shower room and told to resume our positions.  More enema
bags were hanging there.  We were told that this was just warm clear
water to flush us out.  Mistress Karen inserted the nozzle.  It slipped
in quick and easy now.  She opened the clamp and another flood filled my
ass.  This time there was no rush of heat or pain, just a filling
sensation.  When the bag was empty and I was full, I began to feel a
little stretched.  I told them that it hurt a little.  Mistress Karen
immediately closed the clamp and removed the nozzle.  Now I just felt
warm and full.  I could see Lynn was taking her second bag of water into
her tail.  When she was full, we were stood up and Mistress President
told us that these cleansings would make all our future ass fucks easier
.  We
were told to go back into the shower, to wash up again, to dry off, to
insert the candles into our clean (inside and out) cunts and then go
downstairs for breakfast.

When we arrived in the dining room, Mistress President called for
everyones attention.  She announced to the sisters that Kim had not kept
her candle in her cunt all night.  There were cheers from the sisters.
She told us that the candles would be our overnight companions for the
rest of the week.  She also told us that whenever we were in the house
we were to be stark naked.  We were to strip in the front hallway when
we came in.  We were to bring our clothes to the hallway and dress there
just before leaving.  Kim was told to climb up onto the center of the
table.  She got up on her hands and knees with her ass pointing toward
us.  Mistress Janet was sitting next to the open area of the table and
reached out an slapped Kim on the ass.  She told Kim that only her cunt
and ass were going to get punished now.  She instructed Kim to put her
tits on the table and her ass high.  Mistress Janet snickered that
someone would take care of Kim's tits later.  Mistress President stood
behind Kim. She dipped her finger into a bowl of whipped butter and
applied it to Kim's ass pucker.  There was no resistance to her probing
finger as she buttered up Kim's rectum.  She took the candle out of
Kim's cunt and pressed it into her backdoor.  Lynn and I were pushed by
our mistresses to stand beside our headmistress.  Mistress President
told me to put my finger into Kim's cunt.  I reached forward and put the
tip of my middle finger between her moist lips.  Mistress President
pinched my nipple and told me not to be afraid of a hairless cunt.  I
pushed my finger into her.  She felt hot and juicy, just like mine own
love hole.  Lynn was told to put her finger in.  I started to remove my
finger and Mistress President slapped my ass.  She told me I did not
have permission to leave Kim's cunt.  I pushed my finger all the way in
again.  Lynn put her fingertip next to me at the entrance to Kim's hole.
She slowly worked it between the inner lips and pushed it in, sliding it
next to mine.  We kept our fingers very still while Mistress President
reached out with both hands and pulled Kim's lips open.  She positioned
our hands to hold Kim's cunt wide open and still have our fingers buried
inside her.  Mistress President told us to wiggle our fingers slowly.
Kim's breathing got deeper and louder.  She was enjoying our fingers.
Mistress President put two fingers on Kim's exposed clittie.  One
fingertip on each side.  She rubbed that clittie up and down once.  Then
she got a small dab of butter on her fingertips and returned them to
Kim's passion button.  She began to rub it back and forth, slowly, then
faster, then slowly, then faster.  Kim began to rock.  Her orgasm was
beginning to build.  Mistress President told us to wiggle our fingers as
fast as we could.  She rubbed Kim's clittie very hard and very fast,
bringing Kim to the edge of ecstasy and she stopped.  She told us to
stop.  She asked Kim if she would try to push the candle out any more.
Kim said no.  She asked Kim if she wanted to cum.  Kim said yes.  We
were told to take our fingers out.  Mistress President told Kim to reach
her hands between her legs and finish finger fucking her disobedient
cunt.  Kim reached up for her cunt and buried one finger in her hole and
pumped it while she rubbed her clit with the other hand.  She pumped and
rubbed feverishly for a few moments, arching her back to push her cunt
in and out.  She stopped pumping and rubbed her clit to satisfaction.
When she caught her breath, she was told to stand up on the table to
curtsy.  She curtsied and thanked the sisters.  Mistress President
assured us that they would find some misdeed to get one, or more, or all
of us up on the table every morning.  We helped Kim get down off the
table.  Mistress Janet told Kim to bend over.  She took the candle out
of Kim's tail, wiped it on a napkin and stuffed it back into Kim's
creamed cunt.  We were told to sit down and have breakfast (we would
need lots of energy later).  When one sister was finished with her
breakfast, she got up to leave.  She came behind us and told us to stand
up and bend over.  We moved our chairs back, stood up and bent over
holding the edge of the table.  Lynn was in the middle and I could see
her big tits dangling down.  The sister reached in between Lynn and I
and squeezed my tit and then Lynn's.  Then she reached in between Kim
and Lynn to squeeze one of Kim's titties and Lynn's other tit.  She told
Mistress President that Lynn was almost like a cow ready for milking.
Everyone laughed and someone said that Lynn would be taken care up.  The
sister let go of Lynn's tit and slapped our asses, once on each cheek.
Then she told us to sit down and finish breakfast.  Our breakfast was
interrupted three more times for sisters to leave.  All of them slapped
our tails, none of them squeezed our tits.  When we were finished we had
to wait for everyone else to finish.  Then Mistress President told us to
stand and bend over again.  The sisters filed past us, giving us each a
slap on each bare asscheek before they left.  Mistress President pulled
out my candle, rubbed my clittie a little bit, delivered her slaps and
did the same to Lynn and Kim. Then she told us to was all the dishes and
report to the living room.  She whispered in my ear that she would
personally work on my titties.

We washed a lot of dishes that morning.  When we finished we went to the
living room.  The sisters were sitting there doing various Sunday
morning activities (reading the newspaper, watching TV, do class
assignments,etc).  They sort of ignored us as we went to the center of
the room and just stood around waiting for them to say something.
Finally Mistress President finished reading her section of the
newspaper, looked up to see us, and called for everyone's attention.
She told us the sisters had some special presents for us.  Our
mistresses came to us holding three covered platters, one for each of
us.  Mistress Barbara lifted the cover of the platter in front of me.
There on the platter were two dildos, a big one about twelve inches
long, and a small one only about six inches long and thinner than the
first.  Mistress President told us that these were ours to keep, and to
use whenever we needed relief.  She told us that for pledge week we were
to carry them with us whenever we went out and to keep them handy
whenever we were in the house.  She told us to turn around, to bend over
with our hands on our knees, our chest parallel to the floor and our
legs spread wide.  In this position I could see Lynn's massive tits
swaying as she spread her legs.  What little tittie Kim and I had were
also dangling down, but not moving.  Mistress Barbara took the large
dildo and rubbed the tip up and down my slit.  Then she put it
lengthwise so that it touched me from my clit to my asshole.  She
rotated it, the plastic pulled at my cunt lips.  She stopped.  One of
Kim's mistresses said that Kim needed some lubrication and Mistress
Barbara said I could use some too.  Someone brought them something.
Mistress President told us that this lubricant was not as greasy as the
stuff they had used on our asses but was better for our future
activities.  As Mistress Barbara was smearing it across my whole slit, I
could smell strawberries.  Mistress Barbara made sure that my cunt and
ass were sufficiently lubed by inserting her finger as deep as she could
into both of my exposed holes.  She took the large dildo and again
rubbed it along my slit, gently pushing it against my cunthole and
asshole, trying to remind me what those holes were for.  She pointed the
dildo at my cunthole and twisted it around.  She pushed it halfway in.
I did not resist because her rubbing was showing me I could like this
kind of toying around.  She again twisted it around.  It felt good to
have this hard rod in my love tunnel, gently turning, going where my
mistress wanted it to go, never softening.  She pushed it all the way in
nd
rubbed its smaller tip against my asspucker.  She wasn't satisfied with
the lube job I had received so she applied a second coat of that
strawberry gel to my asshole.  She put the tip of the dildo in the
center of my backdoor and slowly worked it around and around, pushing it
in a little deep with each circle.  She was opening my ass with that
fake cock.  When she had it in a ways, she held me around the waist and
with one quick push she buried the dildo in my tail.  I could feel the
knurled base of the dildo between my sphincter muscles.  If it went in
any deeper it wouldn't come out.  She bent down to tell me that she
wasn't going to get it stuck in me.  She told me to push it out slowly.
I squeezed my insides to push this little probe out.  It felt very sexy
to have both holes occupied and any movement of these probes made me
even hotter.  The dildo slowly eased out and Mistress Karen kept it from
falling.  She pushed it back in, not all the way but deep enough to
increase my desire.  We repeated pushing it in and pushing it out for a
little while until I knew I would have to do something to quench my
thirst for orgasm.  She pushed it in and told me to stand up.  We stood
there facing the sisters, legs spread, cunt and ass occupied with hard
fake cocks.  Our mistresses were instructed to show us how good the
dildos could really feel.  Mistress Barbara put her hands down to my
cunt and Mistress Karen to my ass.  They pulled out the dildos just
enough to twist the base and start them vibrating.  I had never felt
anything jiggle me that sensuously.  I didn't know what pleasures they
would bring but I didn't want to stop.  We just stood there, letting
these vibrators work on our insides.  My breathing was getting shorter,
I was feeling hotter.  I shifted my weight from one foot to the other.
Each movement shifted the sensations in my fuckholes.  My orgasm was
building, I couldn't control it.  I began to grind my hips, shifting my
jiggling intruders.  The sisters were giggling and laughing and making
comments about our lewd gyrations.  I closed my eyes and concentrated on
enjoying the waves of orgasm that began to wash thru my body.  Wave
after wave of crashing pleasure dropped me to my hands and knees.  I
loved it, I was cumming, creaming.  This was real satisfaction.  Unlike
guys that stop when they've cum, my dildos kept on vibrating, extending
my pleasure longer than I had ever creamed before.  Someone pulled the
dildos out, turned them off and pushed them back in to fill my love
holes again.  I collapsed on the floor and was soon joined by my
exhausted fellow pledges.  When I recovered I waited for Kim and Lynn
before we all stood up.  It felt very sexy to be curtsing with my cunt
and ass full of fake cock, so at my lead we did it very slow.  At the
bottom of our curtsy we thanked them for our presents and the great
orgasms that they give.  Mistress President told us to take the dildos
out and put them on the platters on the sideboard.  I slowly withdrew my
new pleasure toys and we went to the sideboard to find three platters
each had one of our names on it.  We placed our dildos on the
appropriate platter and returned to the sisters.

For the rest of the day we were cleaning ladies.  We cleaned everything
in that house except Mistress President's bedroom and the basement
storeroom.  Every once in a while some sister would come to check up on
our work.  They would usually complain about something we already
cleaned and have us clean it again.  But occasionally they would want to
punish one of us.  They would have us get into our standard punishment
position.  Bent over, legs spread, holding our ankles, our cunts and
asses available for anything they wanted to do.  They would spank us and
give our clitties a good rubbing.  After lunch we were cleaning the main
staircase and two sisters came to punish us.  They brought our large
dildos with them.  They had us get into our position and they inserted
the dildos into Kim and I. They gave us ten slaps on our upturned
asscheeks.  Then they told us to kneel down in front of Lynn and face
each other.  Lynn's dildo was turned on and inserted into her waiting
cunt.  Then she was told to raise up, put her arms around Kim and I and
rest on our shoulders.  When she did, our faces were so close, the
temptation to kiss was almost overpowering.  Kim and I were told to take
hold of Lynn's massive tits and give her a gentle 'milking' while the
two sisters would give her cunt a good 'creaming'.  We reached for
Lynn's tits.  They were big and soft to the touch but with an underlying
firmness that was great to squeeze.  We squeezed them and pulled on them
for a while before the sisters began spanking Lynn's fleshy cheeks.
Lynn began moaning with the playful slaps on her ass, or the vibrating
probe in her cunt, or our tender pulls on her tits.  The sisters giggled
and mentioned that it didn't take much to get Lynn creamy.  They stopped
spanking her and began to play with the dildo.  They took turns twisting
it and pumping it in and out of her love hole.  Lynn's moanings became
louder and longer and she was grinding her ass against their cunt
probings.  Another sister came in and told them to hurry and finish
creaming Lynn's cunt.  One sister stopped playing with the dildo and
applied another coat of strawberry grease to Lynn's asspucker.  She had
the other sister stop moving the dildo so she could get her finger
worked into Lynn's backdoor.  Then they resumed pumping the dildo in and
out.  With a finger up her ass and a twelve inch vibrating dildo pumping
her cunt, it didn't take long for Lynn to cum.  As soon as she came, the
sisters pulled out of her holes.  Lynn stood up, curtsied and thanked
the sisters.  They told us to stand up.  Then they told Lynn to retrieve
our dildos.  They told Kim and I to get back to work and they took Lynn
away.  After a while we saw Lynn get escorted to another part of the
house.  Her nipples were very pink and very very broad.  This was the
first time I ever saw them not erect.  They were broader and pinker than
I ever thought nipples could be.  There were pink areas covering her
pubic mound and her asscheeks as well.  Later two other sisters came in.
They said that they had to do this quickly.  They inserted my dildo into
my cunt and had me kneel down.  They had Kim bend over to hug me and
rest on my shoulder.  They told me to hold Kim's small titties.  They
told Kim to spread her legs very wide.  They applied a coat of
strawberry lubricant all over Kim's crotch.  One sister worked her
finger into Kim's backdoor.  The other sister turned on Kim's dildo and
proceeded to turn on Kim with the dildo up her twat.  They worked on her
very quickly, pumping and probing to make her cum.  I softly caressed
her tender titties without being told to.  They were not very large like
Lynn's but definitely enough to fill my hands.  I rubbed them ever so
gently, not wanting to hurt Kim at all.  I wanted her to feel good about
her tits.  I knew the sisters were making her cunt and ass feel good.
When she came, the sisters stood her up and she curtsied to thank them.
They told her to retrieve my dildo.  Kim reached into my opened slit and
slowly pulled the dildo from my juicy cunt hole.  She stroked it across
my eager clit as she brought it out.  She smiled knowing that I would
enjoy it.  The sisters took her away and left me to continue cleaning.
After a while I also saw Kim being escorted to another part of the
house.  She too did not have erect nipples now despite the extremely
sexy things that were being done to us.  Then my mistresses and two
other sisters came to me.  My mistresses put me into my punishment
position and knelt down to hold me the way Kim and I held Lynn, tit
pulling and all.  They reminded the other sisters not to take too long.
I smelt strawberries as a girl's hand applied a coat of grease to my
open cunt and ass.  She quickly rubbed it up and down my slit, plunging
two fingers into my twat before she settled down to probe my anal
cavity.  The other sister applied the vibrating dildo directly onto my
the
backed off, drawing the tip of the dildo back across my open fuck hole
to rub around the other girl's finger.  She applied a forward pressure
as she slit it toward my clit, opening my cunt lips and driving that
vibrating implement deep into my cunt.  It tingled me, not just my clit
or my cunt lips.  It seemed to send it sensuous vibrations throughout my
entire body.  She pumped it in and out.  The other sister probed my
asshole in and out.  My mistresses squeezed and pinched my tiny titties.
I got lost in the overpowering tingles until I came.  I could feel my
cum oozing out as the sister withdrew the dildo.  Then the other sister
pulled me up by the shoulder and pushed her finger even deeper into my
ass.  She told me she could tell from last night that I really enjoy
taking things up my ass.  She quickly popped her finger out leaving my
ass feeling empty.  I turned, curtsied and thanked them.  They took my
arms and led me upstairs to the shower room.  Outside in the hall, Lynn
and Kim were bent over and their dildos were sticking out from their
cunts.  Their asscheeks were pink from a recent spanking.  I was
instructed to pull out the dildos very slowly.  The sisters took the
dildos from me and sent me into the shower room.  Mistress President and
Mistress Janet were waiting for me.  They told me that there were to be
more pictures and inspections and measurements.  I was told to get into
the shower area and stand against the back wall arms straight out to the
sides and my legs spread as far as possible.  One picture.  They told me
that these polaroid pictures would remain in the sorority files until I
left and that no one but sisters would see them.  They told me to turn
around.  Another picture.  They told me to backup and bend over to grab
the bottom rail.  Third picture, with my titties, my cunt and my ass in
full view.  They told me to reach up with one hand to finger my cunt.
Another picture.  They told me to sit down with my legs spread and bent.
They told me to pull my cunt lips wide open to show off my eager fuck
hole.  Another picture (close up).  They gave me my dildo and told me to
stick it in about half way.  Another picture.  All these sexy poses made
me feel horny again, thinking I wanted to show off like this to lots of
people.  They told me to get up on the examination table with my feet up
in the stirrups.  Mistress President told me that now she would take
care of my tits.  She told me that the next measurement would be how
long it would take for me to cum without anything in my cunt.  She would
just massage my tits.  She took out an electric massage unit, the kind
that straps on the back of your hand and makes your hand vibrate.  With
Mistress Janet watching my cunt to photograph any cream oozing out and
timing me with her stopwatch, Mistress President began to massage my
breasts.  She started with the vibrator on low and gently, slowly
covered my entire chest.  When I lay on my back I really don't have any
tits at all, but she would pull my tit flesh together with both hands
and rub it a squeeze it with her vibrating hand.  She would poke her
fingertip against my erect nipples, rubbing them round and round.  She
turn up the speed of the vibrator and repeated her work.  It took a
while but eventually I felt the pleasures building inside my cunt.  This
was longer than any sexual buildup I had ever felt but it also felt
deeper and more complete than anything else.  I wanted to cum.  I moved
my hips, but there was no cock or hand or tongue to rub against.  I
moved my hand down to finger myself but Mistress Janet pushed it away.
Mistress President turned up the speed to high and concentrated on my
left breast.  Her hand covered my entire tit.  She pressed against me.
The vibrations shook my entire body.  She put her other hand on my other
nipple and rolled it between her thumb and forefinger.  She switched
tits.  I wanted to cum.  There were waves of tingles running up and down
my body.  As they went down thru my cunt I could feel my inner walls
tightening, wanting to hold something.  Wanting to cum.  Suddenly there
were two vibrating hands covering my tits.  Pushing hard, rubbing
faster, tingling everything.  My entire body tensed.  My cunt walls
squeezed.  I came, and came, and came.  It was the longest deepest
orgasm I had ever had.  A dam must have burst inside me.  I was oozing
cum, cum, cum and more cum.  I was oozing out of my hole and down across
my asspucker and down onto the table.  Mistress Janet took a picture of
my hot slick creamy cunt hole.  After I rested, they helped me stand up.
I began to curtsy, but them stopped me, saying that I wasn't finished
yet.  They told me to bend over the table.  My mistresses came in, and
Mistress President told them that I had enjoyed the tit orgasm and that
they should punish me appropriately.  Mistresses Barbara and Karen moved
to each side of me and began spanking my bare ass.  Their slaps left
tender pink hand prints on my cheeks.  Mistress Janet told them that I
needed lots of color for the last picture.  They sharpened their blows,
making my ass tingle all over.  When they finished I had the hottest,
reddest ass in the whole house and Mistress Janet took a picture of it
for the files.  Then Mistress President told me to get back up on the
table, with my legs up and cunt open.  She told me that the last
measurement would be of how long I took to make myself cum with the hand
massager.  She strapped it onto my right hand and told me to stick two
fingers into my creamy cunt.  I pushed my fingers between my puffy cunt
lips and into my steamy love hole.  Mistress Janet pushed my hand deeper
and turned the vibrator on full force.  There was instant pleasure as
those strong vibrations hit my clittie and wiggled my fingers.  It took
less than a minute before I was bucking against my hand and fingers,
pumping my eager love hole.  Cumming again and again.  I was drenched in
sweat.  My crotch covered with my cream.  They pulled my hand from my
cunt and took off the vibrator.  They told me to lick my cum from my
fingers.  It tasted hot and thick but very good.  I stood up, curtsied
and thanked them for a very creamy orgasm.  They told me to take a quick
shower before going down to dinner.  In the shower I noticed that my
nipples were no longer erect, they were broad, pink, and soft and very
tender to the touch.  My ass was tender and bright red.  And my cunt had
a warm glow all of its own.

We had dinner, and we went through what was to be a normal mealtime
ritual.  As each sister left, we were to stand up at our places, bend
over to lean on the table.  Each sister would have a chance to fondle
us, pinch us, spank us or insert various items into our cunts.  After
dinner we cleaned up the dishes and were allowed to do whatever school
work we needed to.  Of course we had to do it sitting in the center of
the living room, stark naked, ready for the sisters to demand something.
Kim was required to spread out and use her large dildo on her cunt.  The
sisters called out instructions, such as when to push it against her
clit and how hard, when to plunge it into her love hole and how fast to
pump it until she came.  Later Lynn was ordered onto her hands and
knees.  A sister got both of Lynn's dildos and knelt down behind her.
The sister applied a coat of strawberry lubricant to Lynn's ass.  She
turned on the small vibrator and inserted it into Lynn's tail.  The
large dildo was turned on and Lynn was told to reach between her legs to
get the dildo and to fuck herself with it.  It didn't take long before
Lynn look like some wild animal, down on all fours, bucking with sensual
pleasure.  It made me so hot, I could hardly wait for them to command me
to cum.  But at ten o'clock, Mistress President stood up and announced
that it was bedtime for us.  Our mistresses took us by the arms and led
us up the stairs to the bedroom.  Kim and Lynn were taken into the
bedroom and my mistresses took me to Mistress President's bedroom.  They
each gave me a kiss on the cheek and a squeeze on my ass and they left
me standing there.  After Mistress President finished her part of the
goodnicame to me.  She opened the door and motioned me
into her bedroom.  She had a large four poster bed.  She told me to
stand at the end of the bed while she prepared for me.  She opened her
dresser and took out some things.  She tossed them onto the bed and
brought a fur lined belt to me.  She buckled the belt around my slim
waist.  She said she was lucky I wasn't any smaller or the belt would
not hold me.  She told me to sit on the edge of the bed.  She pulled a
chain from one bedpost and clipped it to the side of the belt.  She did
the same for the other bedpost to the other side of the belt.  She
tightened the chains so I could not move anywhere without taking the
belt off.  She told me to lay back.  She went to the side of the bed and
pulled my right arm up over my head and buckled a fur lined strap around
my wrist.  She clipped another chain to that strap.  She repeated it for
my left arm.  She tightened the chains until my arms were spread out,
unable to move.  She lowered the lights and went to the foot of the bed.
She lifted my right leg and buckled another furry strap to my ankle and
clipped a chain to it.  This time she tightened the chain before going
to my other leg.  When she finished my left leg, I was chained down,
unable to move with my legs high and wide open.  She openned her
bathrobe and let it drop to the floor, revealing her very bare body.
She came to the side of the bed and sat next to me.  She leaned over and
kissed my cheek.  She asked me if it hurt to be chained like this.  "No,
it doesn't hurt.  Mistress President", I said.  "The Mistress President
title is for outside," she said, "In here you can call me Renee."

She pressed her lips to mine.  Her tongue peeked thru to tease my lips
open.  She began to explore my mouth with her tongue.  I had to respond,
I could not resist pushing my tongue back at her.  Once our tongue were
intertwined she moved her hands down to my titties.  Her fingertips
lightly stroked my small mounds, lingering on my ever hardening nipples.
I had never had anyone kiss me so lovingly.  I was getting hot and very
wet.  Renee lifted up and told me to relax.  She said she was going to
take a long time to make love to me.  She was going to make me cum over
and over again.  She pinched my nipples and stood up.  She went to the
foot of the bed and began to stroke my legs.  Goosepimples covered my
legs as she lightly stroked from my ankles to my crotch.  I wanted her
to stroke my cunt, but she avoided touching me there.  She began to give
me tiny kisses, starting at my ankles and slowly working her way down
the back and inside of my left legs.  She got ever so close to my cunt.
I wanted her to kiss me there.  She blew air across my eager slit and
went on to kiss my right leg from crotch to ankle.  She was teasing me,
making me hotter with very little kiss, wanting her more with every
little lick of her tongue.  She came and sat down beside me again.  She
lowered her head to my chest and covered my titties with the same gentle
kisses and tiny tongue flicks.  I had always been nervous that boys
would not like my tiny titties and here was a lovely lady applying more
affection to my titties than any boy had ever done.  I knew I would have
to pay her back.  She took my left nipple in her mouth and sucked on it.
I arched my back to push as much tittie into her mouth as possible.  She
lifted her head and giggled.  She asked me if I liked having my nipples
sucked by a girl.  I told her that it felt great the way she did it.
She repeated her tender sucking on my right nipple.  I moaned and pushed
my tittie towards her.  SHe sucked and sucked and made me feel so good.
I wanted her to love my titties so much.  She stopped.  I fell back on
the bed.  She leaned over me more and lightly brushed her erect nipples
across my lips.  I never tasted a girl's breast before.  I hesitated as
her right nipple crossed my lips.  As her left nipple came into touch I
parted my lips and let the tip of my tongue poke out to taste her nub.
She pulled back and told me there would be time for that later.  "Now it
is time for me to taste you.  I have wanted to eat your cunt since
Barbara first stripped your crotch bare.  After shaving you, we all
licked our fingers after dipping them into your hole, but now I am going
to taste you first hand so to speak."  She went to the foot of the bed
and knelt down at my cunt.  She leaned forward and gently kissed my
cunt.  She turned her head and resumed her tiny kisses to the inside of
my thighs, teasing me again.  I wanted her to lick me, but she kept
kissing my thighs.  "Please lick me, Renee" I pleaded.  She knew she was
making me hornier than ever by getting so close to my love center and
yet not touching it.  She kissed along the side of my slit, across the
top of my pubic mound and down the other side of my wanting slit.  She
pulled my cunt lips open and pressed her lips to my clittie.  She had
driven me so close with her kisses that the feel of her lips on my
passion button pushed me to the very edge.  I arched my back as best I
could to push my cunt against her face.  She parted her lips and flicked
her tongue at my button.  She licked at my button as lovingly as she had
worked on my nipples.  She pulled my lips wider and pressed her lips
around my button again.  She parted her lips and sucked at my clit.  I
went right over the edge.  I bucked.  I moaned.  But most of all I CAME.
Each suck sent a wave of pleasure through me.  I squirmed, she sucked, I
came.  My cum was oozing out of my hole.  Renee stopped.  She stroked a
finger through my slit from asshole to clit.  She brought it to her
mouth and licked my cum off it.  She giggled "I am going to enjoy this
meal."  I had just ended one set of orgasmic contractions in my cunt,
pushing my juices out.  Renee lowered her head and stroked her tongue
along the same path her finger went.  Shivers ran through me.  "Very
tasty indeed" Renee said as she lifted her head.  "Eat me, please eat
me, Renee."  She lowered her head and started her tongue at my asshole.
Slowly she licked my cum covered slit.  With my lips pulled open she had
complete access to my love hole.  Renee licked around it cleaning my
lips.  She licked across my clit sending more shudders of pleasure
through me.  She ran the tip of her tongue around the entrance to my
love tunnel.  She pushed forward slowly shoving her tongue into me.  I
ached for the pleasure of her tongue and now she was giving it to me.
She pushed as deep into my hole as her tongue could go and held it there
letting me feel her.  She began to wiggle the tip, probing, search for
more of my love cream.  Her probing tongue was getting me to make more
cum than she was licking out.  She pulled out and lapped at my oozing
cream, stroking her tongue against my slit.  Her tongue action was
building another orgasm.  I arched my back.  I could resist helping her
lick me.  I loved what she was doing to my cunt.  She poked her tongue
in me again and I came.  It felt like a flood of cum was let go.  I was
cumming.  I squirmed, I cried out and Renee kept wiggling her tongue in
me.  I collapsed overcome with pleasure.  Renee pulled back.  She said
"You are the tastiest cunt we've ever had in this house."  She lowered
her head back to my crotch and slowly lapped up the cum oozing out of my
hole.  After gently licking me clean Renee got up.  She stood up and
went to her dresser.  She poured some water from a pitcher into a
washbasin.  She brought the basin and sat beside me.  Renee rinsed a
cloth in the water and wiped the sweat from my face.  She leaned close
and kissed my cheek.  I inhaled the sweet musky smell of my sex on her
face.  I turned my head and met her lips.  We pushed together and our
tongues engaged.  She tasted great.  She pulled back a bit and I licked
at her face, cleaning up my love cream.  She rinsed the cloth and again
wiped my face.  She put the basin away and came back to the bed.  She
climbed onto the bed an knelt next to me.  "Now that you've cum a
little, we can play other games" Renee said as she cupped her small tits
in her hands.  "They are small from all the running I do.  I had to stop
you from licking my nipples before because they are so sensitive and I
had to be sure you came first."  I looked up at this long lean body and
begged her "Please let me suck your nipples now."  Renee bent over to
dangle a small tit directly over my wanton mouth.  I lifted my head and
kissed her erect nipple.  She shuddered.  I openned my lips and let the
tip of my tongue meet her breast.  I moved the tip around her tight
nipple.  I had to suck on her.  I surrounded her nipple with my lips and
sucked the way boys had sucked on mine.  I grasped her nipple between my
teeth gently and laid back pulling her tit with me.  She pinched my tit,
"You are a naughty little bitch."  She pulled back.  "Do you like
sucking on a girl's tit?" she asked.  "I want to suck on you, Renee,
please give me your titties, I promise not to bite too hard."  She
leaned forward and pushed her other nipple into my open mouth.  I
sucked, I licked, I kissed her delicious tit.  It seemed like forever
with that female flesh in my mouth.  She pulled back.  "It's time to
make you cum again" she said as she straddled my chest.  Her tight
muscular tail was turned toward me.  She bent down, pulled my cunt lips
open and buried her tongue in my cunt.  I could see the entire area of
her clean shaven crotch.  Her puckered asshole, her glistening cunt, and
what Lynn had giggled about.  A small gold ring in her right labia.  I
had to taste her.  I lifted my head but I couldn't reach her.  I had to
fall back as Renee sucked on my clit.  She lifted her head and said "You
will get your chance to eat me later."  And she plunged her finger into
my hole.  Every inch of me was ready for a long slow building orgasm and
her sudden plunge into jump-started the process.  I was ready to cum
now.  All she had to do to cream me again was wiggle her finger.  She
seemed to understand.  She kept her finger still and slowly moved it in
and out, bringing me closer to the edge.  She pulled her finger out and
put her tongue in its place licking at my love juices.  Her hand moved
down to my asshole and pushed against it.  I loosened my backdoor
muscle.  I would let Renee go anywhere she want to go and now she wanted
to finger my tail.  She pushed in, picking up my readily available cum
as lubrication.  She twisted her finger in my tail and licked at my cunt
like a hungry animal.  She took my clit between her teeth and pulled as
she pulled her finger out of my tail.  I went right over the edge.  I
came.  Warmth, pleasure, waves of tingles covered me.  Renee pumped her
finger in and out of my ass to prolong my ecstasy.  I collapsed.  She
pulled her finger out of my tail and concentrated on licking up my
flowing juices.  When I recovered, she picked her head up and turned to
me.  "Do you still want a chance to taste me?" she asked.  "Yes, Renee,
I want to eat you, I want to lick your juices."  She pushed back
lowering her cunt, openning her legs and brought her cunt within reach.
I lifted up my head and pressed my lips against hers.  Hot, juicy, musky
smelling cunt.  I rubbed my face against her slit, covering my face with
her juices.  She pushed back letting me rest my head back on the bed and
still have her in reach.  I openned my mouth and let my tongue go
straight for her treasure.  I poked it between her lips and into her
creamy love hole.  She moved her hips almost like a girl rides a cock.
I pulled back, took a deep breath and went for her clit.  My tongue
probed for her passion button and rubbed it around and around when it
was located.  I sucked her clit between my lips and she arched away in
ecstasy.  As she came back I stuck my tongue out and tried to broaden it
as much as possible.  As her lips and my tongue came in contact, I
slowly moved my tongue from her clit along her slit as far as I could
reach, and settled on her ring.  I flicked my tongue against her ring.
I sucked it into my mouth and pulled her lip with it.  I let go and
returned my tongue to her love hole.  Her cream was sweet and musky.  I
licked her, I lapped at her love juices.  She moved her hips and rubbed
her luscious cunt against my tongue and lips until she was satisfied.
She leaned forward to rest.  Her head was between my legs and her hands
were cupping my asscheeks.  Her legs spread wider to rest her body
against mine.  After a while she climbed off and sat next to me.  She
stroked her hand against my cheek.  "You are a very good cunt licker.
Do you like the taste of girls?"  Renee asked.  "I love the taste of
your cunt."  I replied.  She licked my cheek.  "Your mistresses are
going to have a lot of fun with you this week."  "Do they like licking
cunts too?"  I asked.  Renee laughed.  "We all love eating cunt and most
of us love cock as well."  She unstrapped my wrists and we hugged and
kissed.  She stood up and went to the foot of the bed.  She unstrapped
my ankles and lowered my legs.  She knelt down and kissed my cunt.  She
unbuckled the belt and put it back in her drawer.  She helped me stand
up and we hugged.  My face was at just the right height to kiss and suck
her tits again.  "My, you are a hungry little lady.  Do you want to go
back to your bedroom or (long pause) do you want to spend the night here
in my bed?"  Renee asked.  I moved my hand to her cunt and probed for
her ring.  I pulled on it to give my answer.  We spent several hours
kissing, licking, fingering, loving each other.  Our last sixty-nine
session was so exhausting that I just rolled off her and we fell asleep.
My mistresses woke us up in the morning and led me off to finish my week
as their very willing sex partner.
