                              Fallen Angel
                                   by
                               T. F. Yank


     "Damn her!  Who the fuck does she think she is?" I swore to myself
as I drained the drink before me.  "Barkeep?" I called.  Getting his
attention, I indicated the empty glass.  "Hit me again, willya?"
      I could tell by his expression he was trying to decide whether or
not to cut me off.  I put on my most charming smile as I said, "Rough
day." 
     He grunted a non-committal reply and reached for the bottle of JW
Red.  Throwing a few ice cubes in a glass, he poured out a double shot
and placed it in front of me.  He stood there frowning, his hand holding
the glass.
      It took me a moment to realize he was waiting to be paid.  So much
for the kind, understanding bartender.  I reached for my wallet in the
inside pocket of my sports jacket.  And nearly fell off the stool.  I
grabbed the bar to steady myself, and grinned in victory, seeing the
wallet in my hand.
     "I dunno," the bartender said.  "Maybe you've had enough for
tonight."
     I managed to remove a ten from the wallet and placed it on the bar. 
"I'm okay.  Really I am.  Keep the change.  This'll be the last one
anyways.  I still got people to go and places to see before the night is
over."
     Shaking his head, he picked up the ten with one hand and pushed my
drink closer with the other.  I breathed a sigh of relief as he walked
away.  I guess I was getting a bit sloshed.  What was this?  My fifth? 
Or was it my sixth?
     I glanced at my watch and was a bit surprised at how blurred it
appeared.  I found closing one eye helped a bit.  God, I'd been here for
at least an hour.  Five drinks in an hour?  (Or was it six?)  Doesn't
matter.  Seeing as I was drinking doubles, I realized I was on my way to
getting royally shit-faced.  If I wasn't already there.
     And it's all Ellie's fault.  God damned, heartless bitch!  As the
pain flared once again, I took a deep swallow from my drink.  The liquid
still burned on its way down.
     Ellie.  Elizabeth Marian Hansfeld.  My heart's desire.  My reason
for living.  My best friend.  My lover.  My roommate.  My fiancee.  My
everything.  Everything, that is but my wife!
     My thoughts returned to the argument we had at dinnertime.  It was
one we've had quite often lately.  Marriage.  I wanted to get married. 
Ellie didn't.
     She said we had everything we needed-- love, trust, commitment.  She
didn't see the need for some stupid ceremony and piece of paper.  We
didn't need some clergyman or city official telling us we were husband
and wife, as if the words were some magical incantation.
     Ellie is a dyed-in-the-wool feminist.  Smart, independent, decisive. 
She believes in equality of the sexes, a woman's right to control her own
body, life and destiny.
     She's not one of those radical, bra-burning, butch male-haters.  Oh,
she's marched many times in support of several feminist causes.  Matter
of fact, we met the first time at a Pro-Choice rally.  Ellie's admitted
to having several female lovers before she met me.  She's also had
several male lovers as wells.  Not sure why, but I always felt more
threatened when she'd discuss the female lovers.
     I, on the other hand, tend to be more old-fashioned.  I still
believe a man and a woman can meet, fall madly in love, get married, move
to the little house with the white picket fence, have babies, and live
happily ever after.
    However, I really blew it tonight when I said something about it
would be nice if she had my name.  Ellie started yelling something about
my being a chauvinist pig.  How all men wanted women as possessions,
chattel, treating them as objects for their sexual gratification.  Hurt,
I fought back.  Accused her of being cold, heartless.  Accused her using
either sex for her sexual gratification.
      There were a great many angry words thrown back and forth.  I
remember saying something about if she didn't love me enough to marry me,
maybe I'd be better off finding someone who did.  She said something
about tonight might be a good time for me to start looking.  I stormed
into our bedroom and started packing a bag.
     My anger had cooled by the time I finished packing.  As I headed to
the living room, I hoped Ellie would say something, anything, that would
give me an excuse not to leave.  As I entered the living room, Ellie was
on the phone, crying.
     "Please Karen, hurry.  I can't stand the thought of being alone
tonight."
     The fucking bitch!  I wasn't even out of the apartment yet, and here
she was on the phone to one of her lezzie lovers.  Anger, resentment,
(fear?) filled me as I listened to her.  Grabbing my bag, I stormed out
of the apartment, slamming the door as hard as I could.
     I drove for a while.  Had no destination in mind.  Just needed to
keep moving.  Afraid if I stopped moving, the world would end.  After
about an hour, I had a sudden urge for a drink.  A great many drinks.  So
many that hopefully I could kill the pain that was gnawing at my heart.
      So here I sat.  The alcohol was working.  Oh, the pain was still
there, but I didn't feel it.  As a matter of fact, I felt nothing.  I was
numb all over.
     I glanced at the mirror behind the bar.  Why do all bars have
mirrors?  Is it so we can see how horrible we look?  Or is it so we can
see the pain and anguish in the faces around us?  And by seeing others
hurt as we do, somehow lessen our own pain?
     I scanned each reflected face, trying to determine if any were as
filled with pain and regret as mine.  There was an old man lost in
thought, perhaps remembering a lost love?.  A smiling couple oblivious to
the rest of us, as they played at the mating ritual.  A young fellow
staring at the glass in front of him.  I wondered if his girlfriend had
thrown him out tonight, too.
     And there was an angel.  An angel?  God, she was beautiful.  A mass
of thick, wavy hair as black as night, which framed her face.  A clear,
pale complexion that had the look of porcelain.  Her face was angular,
arched eyebrows, high cheek bones, a straight nose, and a pouting mouth
complete with full, sensuous lips.
     But her eyes!  I realized it must have been the booze.  But they
seemed to shine like twin beacons.  I felt as if I was being sucked into
their greyish depths.
     As if she sensed me, her eyes locked onto mine in the mirror.  A
slight smile played at the corners of her luscious mouth as she tilted
her head in a quizzical manner.
     Ashamed at my behavior, I quickly averted my eyes.  I took another
deep drink, and nearly choked as it went down the wrong passage. 
Hesitantly, I again looked in the mirror, to find her staring intently
back at me.
     Suddenly fear hit me.  I didn't understand why, but I suddenly had
the feeling I should get out of there.  I lurched off my seat as a spasm
hit my stomach.  I raced to the back of the bar and just made it to the
washroom as my stomach heaved.
     I spent the next while rendering tribute to the Gods in the form of
half digested food and what must have been gallons of dark, acidic
liquid.  I was amazed by the quantity I vomited.  I never realized my
stomach could hold so much.
     Once I was certain my stomach had no further offerings to give up, I
made my way to the sink.  Only the cold water tap worked, and only a
trickle at that.  I noticed they had several vending machines.  One sold
condoms, another pocket combs.  There was also one that sold tooth paste
complete with a disposable tooth brush.
     Searching my pant pockets, I managed to find enough change to
purchase the tooth paste.  I washed my face in the trickle of cold water. 
Cupping my hands, I brought several handfuls to my mouth and tried to
rinse out the horrible after taste.  Squeezing a large gob of tooth paste
onto the small brush, I brushed my teeth.  God, the stuff tasted almost
as bad as what I had just thrown up.
     After rinsing my mouth as best I could, I looked for a towel.  And
of course there wasn't any.  Only one of those damned hot-air dryers.  I
hate those things, always make me feel clammy.  Left with no choice, I
turned the nozzle so the tepid air was directed at my face.
     Before I left the washroom, I checked my appearance in the dirty,
cracked mirror over the sink.  I looked like shit.  Well it was nice to
know I looked better than I felt.
     I made my way back to the bar.  I was happy to see my drink and
cigarettes were still there.  I glanced down the bar.  I felt a pang of
disappointment as I noticed she was no longer there.
     What was the difference anyways, I chided myself.  Like she was just
dying to have anything to do with a sick drunk.  I reached for a ciga-
rette and stuck it in my mouth.  I flicked my lighter but nothing
happened.  I shook it a few times and tried again.  Still nothing.
     "Here, let me," a voice said softly in my ear, as a hand reached out
and took the lighter from me.  A small flick, and a weak yellow flame
sprang to life.  Leaning my cigarette into the flame, I took a deep drag.
      "Thanks, I needed that," I said, slowly exhaling.  I turned to see
who my benefactor was, and was immediately devoured by twin pools of
grey.  The angel!  She was still there.
     "Are you okay?" the soft voice questioned.  I tore my gaze from the
twin beacons, only to find myself staring at that full mouth.  Pearl
white teeth peeked out between slightly parted lips.  "I said, are you
okay?" a soft breeze whispered.
     I shut my eyes and mentally shook myself.  When I opened my eyes,
she was still standing there, a questioning look upon her face.  "I'm
okay, I guess," I replied.  Suddenly feeling uncomfortable with her being
so close, I reached for my glass.
     "Do you really think you should?" she asked.  "You'd probably be
better off with a cup of black coffee."
     I caught a whiff of the amber liquid and my stomach lurched.  "Yeah,
I guess you're right."
     "There's a restaurant across the street," she suggested.  "Why don't
we get you some coffee.  Can't have you going home in this condition."
      "Can't go home in any condition," I muttered as I stood.  The room
swayed around me, and I reached out to steady myself.  When I realized I
had grabbed on to her, I apologised and tried to let go.
     "No," she said, grabbing my arm.  "Let me help you."  Being in no
condition to refuse, I allowed her to steady me and lead me from the bar. 
Once outside, I was surprised to find it was dark.  The sun had still
been shining when I had arrived earlier.
     Slowly we made our way across the street and into the restaurant. 
She led us to a booth and helped me into it.  Taking a seat opposite me,
she ordered a couple of coffees when the waitress came.
     I realized I was staring at her.  I felt a blush creep up my face,
and looked away.  We sat there silently until the waitress returned with
two large mugs of coffee.  As I tried to raise mine to my mouth, I
spilled some down my front.  Damn, it was hot
     She got up from her seat and came around to my side.  Reaching for a
napkin, she attempted to wipe the coffee off my jacket.  "Let's try that
again," she said taking the cup from my hand, "only this time, just sip
it".  She lifted the cup to my mouth and I managed a small sip without
spilling it all over.  "Now you try," she said, wrapping both my hands
around the cup.
     My hands shook as they raised the cup upward.  Partly due to the
booze, but also because of her nearness.  Not feeling all that confident,
I lowered my head to meet the cup half way.  I managed another sip. 
Carefully setting the cup down, I faced her and said, "Thanks.  Didn't
mean for you to go to all this trouble."
     "No talking until you get at least one cup of coffee into you," she
said, smiling.  Her fingers wrapped around my hands still holding the
cup, and lifted upward.  Taking the hint, I took another drink.  After
the first couple of sips, it didn't seem as hot.  I managed to take a few
larger swallows.  And all the while, her fingers remained wrapped around
the backs of my hands.
     At first, her touch seemed icy cold.  But it must have been because
the cup was so hot.  Because now her touch seemed to burn.  Not a painful
burning, but rather a warm physical heat.
     Raising the cup, I drained the last of the black liquid.  Placing it
down on the table with more steadiness than I thought I was capable of, I
smiled weakly and said, "Okay.  Now can I thank you?"
     "Sure," she said, pushing the other cup to me.  "But let's see if
you can get a second cup in you while we talk."
     Taking the cup and lifting it into the air in a mock toast, I said,
"Thanks to my rescuing angel."  For a moment, I thought I saw a look of
startlement in her grey eyes.  But if it was there, it quickly passed.
     "I don't even know your name," I added.
     "Anggie," she replied.
     "Anggie?" I said.  "And that's short for Angela?"
      "Well, if you really must know.  My full name is Angelica Maria
Dubourbon.  And yours?"
     "Chris.  Christopher William Whalen at your service, fair lady. 
Funny, when I first saw you tonight, I thought you were an angel.  And
here I find your name is Angelica-- angelic, how fitting."
     "Oh I doubt I'd be confused for an angel.  A fallen angel, maybe. 
But it seems you're feeling better.  She must have really hurt you."
     "She?  How do you know it was a 'she'?"
     I don't.  Just an impression.  You don't strike me as someone who
gets drunk on a steady basis.  I just figured it must have something to
do with a girlfriend or a wife.  You looked like someone trying to drown
an unpleasant memory."
     I don't know why, but suddenly I had this urge to tell her every-
thing.  As the whole, painful story erupted from my lips, Anggie sat
there, listening attentively, her hands clasping mine.  Finally I
finished, tears streaming down my cheeks.  Somehow, sharing this with her
seemed to lessen the pain.
     Anggie reached for a napkin and gently wiped the tears from my face. 
"Seems to me, it was a matter of pride and ego getting in the way.  I'm
sure if you went back and apologised, you'd find Ellie is just as
miserable as you."
     "I can't go back.  She's there with Karen, her queer lover," I said,
surprised by the bitterness in my voice.
     "Now you're not being fair.  You assume that because she and this
Karen were once lovers, she meant to sleep with her to spite you.  Ellie
was probably as hurt as you, and just wanted to be with someone who
cared."
     I knew Anggie was probably right.  But still, I couldn't face Ellie. 
Not with Karen there, not tonight.  I said as much to Anggie.
      "Well, you'll need some place to stay tonight.  You can't very well
sleep in your car.  I'd invite you home with me, but I don't think you
and my roommates would appreciate one another.  Least, not just yet."
     She had actually considered me staying with her tonight?  I felt a
stirring between my legs at the idea of sleeping with her.  And then
promptly chastised myself for having such lewd thoughts.  I mean, she was
just concerned about me and only trying to be helpful.  And here I was
thinking of her as if she was some kind of whore.
     Again, I felt myself blush.  To avoid looking at her, I quickly
drained the last of the coffee.  The touch of her fingers on my hand
burned stronger.  I had this sudden urge to hold her in my arms and kiss
her.  I could almost feel her mouth pressed tight against mine.
     "Why don't we take a walk?" she asked.  "The fresh air will do you
good."
     I raise a hand to my lips.  The feel and taste of her luscious lips
seemed as real as if we had actually kissed.
     "Come on, let's go," she said, standing.
     As if enthraled, I followed her to the cashier and paid for the
coffees.  We left the restaurant and started to walk.  I had no idea
where we were, but she seemed to know the neighborhood.
     After walking several blocks, we found ourselves at an entrance to a
park.  I hesitated, not feeling comfortable going in there at night.
     As if she read my thoughts, she said, "Come on.  It's safe.  I quite
often come here alone at night."  Feeling a bit foolish, I followed her.
     Once we entered the park, it became darker, blacker.  The street
lights were blocked by the trees.  I could just barely make out her
silhouette.  She took hold of my hand and led us deeper into the park.
     Suddenly she stopped.  As if getting her bearings, she stood
absolutely still for a moment.  "This way," she said as she plunged into
the trees.
     I stumbled after her, trying not to run into a tree or bush.  How
she could see in all this blackness amazed me.  I was about to ask her to
slow down when we came to a clearing.
     God, it was beautiful.  A small lake... well actualky it was more
like a large pond... stood in the center of the clearing.  A full moon
filled the area with brightness that gave everything a silvery glow.  As
I looked at Anggie, her pale, translucent skin seemed to grow brighter.
     "Isn't it beautiful here?" she asked, staring up at the moon.
     While she described the beauty of nature around us, I only saw her. 
I had been so taken by her angelic face and those mysterious grey eyes, I
hadn't really noticed the rest of her.
    She was slender, but not skinny.  She came up to about my chin.  I
figured that made her about 5'6".  Her midnight black hair cascaded
softly to just below her shoulders.  Small, pert breasts, a narrow waist,
and slender, almost boyishly narrow hips sat atop a pair of long, shapely
legs.
     She was still talking as I reached out a hand to cup her face.  As
she turned to me, I leaned down and brushed my lips softly against hers. 
When she did not move away, I pressed my mouth tighter against her.  Her
lips partly slightly, and I took this as my cue to slip my tongue into
her warm, moist mouth.
     It was as if I was kissing a live, electrical wire.  A current of
excitement coursed through my body.  I felt her melt against me, as she
wrapped her arms around my neck.  Her tongue met mine, and again I felt
an electric charge pass between us.
     Suddenly it was if I was caught in some kind of weird feedback loop. 
An intense pleasure seemed to pass between us, increasing in strength
with each cycle.  The world receded from my awareness, replaced by her
warm body, tightly pressed against mine.
     One hand pressed tightly against the back of her head, the other
moved down across her back until it came to rest on her firm buttocks.  I
was surprised at the hardness of her as I gently kneaded one nether cheek
through the fabric of her dress.  She reciprocated by dropping a hand to
my waist and pulling me tighter against her stomach.  My penis, now fully
erect, tingled with the contact.
     I was finding it very difficult to breath.  It was if she was
sucking the air from my lungs.  Her tongue filled my mouth completely,
searching, exploring.  I experienced a mixture of relief and regret when
she finally broke our kiss.
     I felt a shiver run through her body as she buried her face in my
chest.  Still caught in that feedback loop, I, too, shivered.  I nuzzled
my face in her hair, an earthy aroma filling my nostrils.   Sheepishly,
realizing my hand still grasped her buttock, I moved it up to the small
of her back.
     I stood very still, not daring to move for fear of breaking the
spell that bound us.  When Anggie finally broke our embrace and moved
away, my heart skipped a beat.  It was as if suddenly I had lost a part
of me.  Involuntarily, I reached out to her and drew her back into my
embrace.
      She looked up into my face and smiled.  The moonlight, reflected in
her eyes, made them seem shiny, feverish.  Her lips appeared swollen as
if our kiss had in some manner abused them.  Her hand caressed my cheek,
leaving a burning trail in its path.
     "Oh Chris, that was beautiful," she said softly.  "I haven't felt
like that in a long, long time."
     I lightly kissed her forehead in response.  She grasped my face and
tilted it downward until our lips brushed.  Thinking she wanted me to
kiss her again, I pressed my mouth against hers.
     But I was wrong.  She pressed my head further downward.  My lips
brushed against her throat.  My tongue lightly licked the skin in the
small hollow at the base of her neck.  I traced the outline of her
collarbone, first in one direction, and then in the other.
     I felt her hand push its way between us.  I moved to give her room,
all the while maintaining my contact with her throat.  I could feel her
unbuttoning the top of her dress.  My mouth and tongue moved down to the
newly exposed skin, licking and kissing the creamy flesh.
     Suddenly impatient with her slowness, I pushed the top of her dress
down over her shoulders.  I marvelled at the whiteness of her exposed
skin.  Reaching behind her, I undid the clasps holding her bra.  I pushed
the straps down over her shoulders, and roughly pulled her breasts free
of the confining cups.
     I couldn't believe the feelings of pleasure I felt.  I was like a
rutting animal, the heat between my legs consuming me.  I attacked her
breasts, sucking in mouthfuls of the firm flesh.  My tongue lashed across
her nipples, my teeth lightly nipping them until I felt them harden.
     I sank to my knees, pulling her down with me.  My hands slipped
beneath the hem of her dress and searched upward.  They found the
waistband of her panties, and pulled them down.  I pushed her backward
until she lay on the ground beside me.  I pushed up the bottom of her
dress, exposing her nakedness.
     I lightly ran my hand over her thighs.  I ran my fingers through the
thick mass of pubic hair covering her mound.  My blood was boiling in my
veins as I lowered my face between her legs and nuzzled the bush with my
mouth.  I parted the hair, exposing her vagina.  Running a finger along
the edge of her outer lips, I gently blew on the tender flesh.
     "Y-y-yessss-s-s-s," Anggie moaned as she arched her back.  Raising
her hips upward, she spread her legs further apart.  Her hands entwined
themselves in my hair, and firmly pressed my face against her vagina.  I
responded by spreading her outer vaginal lips and running my tongue along
the length of the inner lips.
     Once again I seemed to be gripped by a sexual frenzy.  My pleasure
seemed to increase dramatically the more I tried to return the pleasure
to her.  My penis ached within its confinement.  As I stabbed my tongue
deep within her vaginal channel, tiny shocks ran up and down my shaft.
     "Stop!  Chris, stop.  Someone is coming."
     As quickly as my passion had come, it left me.  I was dazed and
confused by the sudden change in feelings.  I looked up at Anggie to see
her sitting up.
     "Help me with this," she commanded, indicating her bra.  I scrambled
to my feet and refastened the bra behind her back.  She moved to her
knees and pulled up her panties.  She stood and rebuttoned the front of
her dress.  Giving her dress a brief brushing, she held out a hand to me. 
"Come, we have to leave here."
     Still dazed by the sudden turn of events, I slowly got to my feet. 
She grabbed my hand and pulled me after her.  Once again we were swal-
lowed up by the darkness of the trees.
     Soon we were back on the street in front of the entrance to the
park.  Anggie started walking in what I thought was the direction of the
restaurant.
     "We have to get you somewhere to stay tonight.  Did you have place
in mind?"
     I answered no, that I hadn't really thought about it.
     "There's a decent motel not far from here.  It's not the best, but
it's clean.  And not too expensive.  Why don't we get you checked in
there?"
     I had no objections.  I needed someplace to stay.  The motel would
be as good as anywhere else.  I suggested we get my car as it had my
luggage.  Anggie led us back to the restaurant where I located the car. 
Following her directions, we soon arrived at the motel.  Parking in front
of the office, we went inside.
     The desk clerk looked up as we entered, and eyed us suspiciously. 
Shit, I swore silently.  I could imagine what we looked like-- Anggie's
hair was a mess, and I looked as if I had rolled in a garbage dumpster. 
Trying to look like I knew what I was doing, I asked for a room.
     "We don't rent rooms by the hour," the clerk snapped.
     "I'm glad to hear that.  My wife and I were hoping to stay a few
days.  Had some car trouble earlier.  And right now I just want to get
out of these clothes and into a nice hot shower."
     The clerk still looked sceptical.  "We are pretty busy this time of
year.  If you expect to stay several days, you'll need to reserve the
rooms now."
     "No problem," I answered, taking out my wallet.  "Here's my credit
card.  Might as well run it through the machine," I said, tossing my AmEx
Gold card on the counter.
     At the sight of the card, and with the promise of several night's
bookings, the clerk's attitude suddenly changed.  "Right away, sir," he
said, getting up.  "And how many nights would you care to reserve for?"
     "Might as well make it for two, I guess.  What do you think,
sweetheart?" I asked Anggie, trying not to laugh out loud.
     She smiled and said, "Well, maybe we should just make it for one
night.  You never know what the rooms are like in a place like this."
     "I assure you, madam, our rooms are spotless, and very comfortable,"
the clerk said, as if to suggest otherwise was an insult.
     "I'm sure they are," I said.  "Book us one of your better rooms for
two nights to start.  We'll let you know tomorrow, if we intend to stay
longer."
     "That'll be Room 215, Sir.  Take the center staircase and turn right
at the top of the stairs.   You'll find an ice machine at the end of the
corridor, as well as vending machines.  The snackbar is closed right now. 
But it opens at six in the morning, if you're interested in breakfast.
     Thanking him, and taking the key, we practically ran from the
office.  We both started laughing uncontrollably by the time we got to
the car.  I moved it closer to the stairs, and retrieving my bag, we
headed up to our room.
     Upon arriving at the room, I unlocked the door and waited for Anggie
to entered.  She motioned me to go first.  Thinking she was afraid, I did
so and turned on the lights.  I tossed my bag on the floor near the bed. 
Turning around I was surprised to see her still standing outside.
     Suddenly I was afraid that she wasn't going to spend the night with
me.  Walking to the door, I said, "Well, I guess..."
     "Are you going to invite me in?" she asked.
     Was she afraid I didn't want her?  "Yes.  Please enter my humble
abode," I said with a low bow.
     Anggie smiled and walked into the room.  Standing in the center, she
slowly turned around, checking out the room.  "Not bad," she said.  "It
looks clean.  Guess we'll just have to find out how comfortable it is."
     I moved to her and took her in my arms.  She raised up on her tip-
toes and pressed her mouth to mine.  Suddenly, I felt the return of my
passion.  My hands flew to the buttons on her dress and started to
unbutton them.
     "No," she commanded, pushing me away.  "First you."  And with that
she pushed my jacket off my shoulders.  As it dropped to the floor, she
moved to the buttons on my shirt.  I tried to help her, but she pushed my
hands away.  Freeing my shirt from my pants, she slipped it off.  Her
hands moved to my belt and unbuckled it.
     She pushed me backward until I stood at the foot of the bed.  She
pressed down on my shoulders until I sat on the bed.  Then she bent and
caught a leg in her hands.  Lifting it, she removed my shoe and sock.
     I watched her undress me and found it excited me.  Glancing at me
from under her lashes, Anggie smiled and raised my bare foot to her
mouth.  Her tongue flicked out and licked my big toe.  Involuntarily, my
foot jerked at the touch.  Slowly, she took it in her mouth and started
sucking on it.
      A searing spasm of pleasure flared in my crotch as she sucked it as
if it was a cock.  All too soon she stopped and let my leg fall to the
floor.  She grabbed my other leg, and after removing the shoe and sock,
lightly ran her tongue along the sole of my foot.  Another spasm shook my
body.
     "Lay back and lift your other leg," she said.
     I leaned back, supporting myself on my elbows so I could watch her,
and lifted my leg.  She grabbed the cuffs of each pants leg and pulled. 
To help her, I lifted my hips, and she pulled my pants free.  She looked
down at my body, naked except for my briefs.  Seeing my erection strain-
ing against the material, she smiled.
     My eyes drank in her beauty.  Her hair, still messed from our
previous romp, gave her a wild, wanton look that set my blood boiling.  I
watched, mesmerized, as her hands unbuttoned her dress.  As she shrugged
it off her shoulders, it fell to the floor, revealing her slender body.
     As she reached behind to unclasp her bra, my breath caught in my
throat as her covered breasts were thrust forward by her movements. 
Teasingly, she crossed her arms across her chest, as she slipped the bra
straps off each shoulder.  Slowly, she lowered her arms, exposing her
small, firm breasts.
     My hungry eyes devoured her body, naked except for the lacy panties
that hid her love box from my view.  God, I was horny.  I wanted to suck
and lick those dark nipples until they were rigid with desire.  I wanted
to bury my face in that hot, moist cleft between her legs until she
shivered with delight.  I wanted to grab her and fuck her right there on
the floor, until she cried for release.
    As if sensing my desire, she said, "Patience, Chris.  The waiting
will just make it that much better."  Her hands cupped her breasts as if
offering them to me.  Her fingers tweaked those succulent nipples, and I
felt my testicles constrict in response.
     I watched as her hands caressed and teased flesh that I wanted so
much to touch.  I groaned as I watched her hand slip beneath her panty to
finger her vagina.  I was going crazy with desire.
     Anggie turned her back to me, and lowered her panties, revealing the
twin globes of her buttocks.  Leaning over at the waist, she grasped her
nether cheeks and spread them, revealing the small brown rosette that was
her rectum.  Playfully, she slapped each cheek, causing them to jiggle.
     I struggled to a sitting position.  I had no more patience.  All I
had was lust, hot, demanding lust.  She had no right to tease me like
this.  I had to have her.  And nothing was going to stop me.
     Suddenly I was pushed back down on the bed.  Anggie stood at the
foot of the bed.  I wondered ho she could have moved so fast.  Hands on
hips, a scowl on her face, she stared at me.
     "I said patience.  Don't rush things."
     "Please," I whimpered.  "I can't take much more.  I need you badly."
     The scowl changed to a smile.  "You want me?" she teased.
     "God, yes," I replied."
     Anggie knelt between my legs.  My body arched upward at the touch of
her hands on my thighs.  Again, I had a brief sensation of being touch by
something clammy and cold.  But this quickly passed, as her hands seemed
to burn into my flesh.
     "Tell me how much you want me," she said.
     "I want you more than anything," I managed to gasp as her hands
lightly caressed my aching shaft through my briefs.
     "More than money?  More than happiness?  More than Ellie?  More than
life?"
     "Yes.  Yes!  Yes, more than anything," I cried out, the urgency of
my desire becoming more than I could bear.
     Her fingers played at the waistband of my briefs, as she asked,
"Would you do anything for me?"
     "Yes," I whimpered.
     "Would you follow me anywhere?  Be my slave, Chris?"
     "Yes, I'd do anything you wanted.  Please Anggie, I'm in pain."
      Slowly, she pulled on the waistband, drawing it down over my hips. 
My erection sprang upward, once freed of its constraints.  She reached
out and grasped it with both hands.  Her touch burned.  I've never known
such intense pleasure in my life.
     "Would you kill for me?  Would you die for me?"
     "Y-Y-Y-E-SSSSSSSSSS!" I screamed as her tongue flicked across the
tip of my penis.  God, the pain... the pleasure... I wasn't sure which. 
All I knew was I didn't ever want her to stop.
     Her tongue traced a line down the underside of my erection.  She
licked my scrotum and then gently took one sac into her mouth.  While her
lips tightly closed around it, her tongue continued to lash the tender
nut, sending searing waves of pleasure/pain along every nerve ending in
my body.
     "Please, Angel.  I can't take much more.  If you don't let up, I
won't have any control left," I begged.
     In answer, she sucked hard on the testicle in her mouth, causing me
to again groan in pleasant agony.  Releasing her hold on me, she lifted
her head and looked at me.
     "Don't worry, my precious Christopher.  I want you to come.  Take
the edge off.  That way we'll be able to able to enjoy a slower fuck. 
And not have to worry about you becoming too excited."  With that, she
took my bursting erection into her warm, moist mouth.
     Her eyes never left mine as her mouth tormented me.  Her hands
caressed my scrotum, squeezing and pulling the now tight flesh.  My hips
started a counter-rhythm to her movements, causing the tip of my cock to
strike the back of her throat each time she swallowed me completely.
     I felt my scrotum tighten further as the pressure became even more
unbearable.  I could feel my cum slowly force its way upward.  Finally,
in a searing, blazing nova of pure physical pleasure, I threw my head
back and screamed as I erupted into her hot mouth.
     Her mouth continued to suck my throbbing shaft as it pumped shot
after shot of hot cum against the back of her throat.  Finally, my
thrashing sub-sided, and I could feel my penis grow limp.  But she
continued to suck it until I was forced to beg her to stop.
     Almost reluctantly she released me.  Some of my cum had dribbled
down her chin.  Smiling, she wiped her mouth and her chin with her
fingers.  "That was good.  And it's going to be even better the second
time," she said, getting to her feet.  Moving around to the side of the
bed, she said, "Move up on the bed."
     My body was drained.  There wasn't an ounce of strength left.  I
can't ever remember being so totally sated before in my life.  I really
didn't want to disappoint her, but I was sure there was no way I'd ever
get it up again tonight.  All I really wanted to do was sleep.
     Anggie knelt on the bed, and, grabbing my shoulders, shook me. 
"Come on, move up.  We've only just started.  Don't quit on me now."
     "I'm sorry, Angel.  God knows I want to.  But while the mind is
willing, the flesh is dead."
     "And the dead shall rise with the second coming.  Just move up a bit
and I'll prove to you that your real name is Lazarus," she teased.
     I inwardly winced at her blasphemy.  But I squirmed upward until
just my feet hung off the foot of the bed.  Anggie straddle my legs and
laid down on top of me.   Her head didn't quite reached my chin.  She
pressed her crotch against mine, rubbing her bush against my limp penis. 
I felt nothing.
     "I'm sorry.  Really I am.  But you are truly beating a dead horse,"
I said, trying to make light of the situation.  I really did feel bad. 
She had just given me the most extraordinary climax of my life.  And so
far, she had received nothing in return.  "Why don't you straddle my
face.  I can at least do for you what you did for me," I offered.
     "Don't sell yourself short.  Or for that matter, me.  You just need
a bit of rest, and maybe some stimulation.  I want the real thing.  I've
waited too many years for this.  I won't allow you to disappoint me."
     Anggie moved down to the middle of my thighs.  She placed her hands
on either side of my chest and pressed her body tightly against mine. 
She slowly rubbed her body against mine as she moved forward.  Her mouth
and tongue licked and kissed my flesh as she moved upward.  Her breasts
pressed hard against me.  And her stomach rubbed against my penis.  Once
she reached my upper chest, she reversed her direction and moved back
down my body.
     God, that felt good.  As she continued to move up and down my body,
the friction she was causing seemed to stimulate the nerve endings in my
chest, stomach and groin.  I was surprised to feel myself respond.  I
lightly wrapped my arms around her and allowed myself to drift in the
rising tide of pleasure I was feeling.
     Anggie moved upward slightly, until her vagina pressed against my
shaft.  Raising her upper body just a bit, only her breasts continued to
brush against me.  She continued her slow, titillating movements, using
her body to gently massage mine.
     I felt myself harden under the direct contact of her vagina.   So
did Anggie.  She squirmed a bit until her outer vaginal lips enfolded my
semi-erect shaft.  Her movements became more exaggerated as her vagina
slid up and down the length of my shaft.
     Once again my pleasure seemed to grow in large increments, almost as
if it was doubling and tripling with each passing moment.  My shaft, now
fully erect, jumped each time its tip slipped from the soft folds of her
slit and brushed against her thick bush.
     Soon I was moaning uncontrollably.  Anggie pushed herself up, and
with a deft movement of her hips, impaled herself on my shaft.  I groaned
with pleasure as she settled back, forcing my cock deep inside her.  I
arched my back, trying to push myself deeper still.
     "No!" she snapped, pressing my hips down.  "Let me do it.  Just lay
there and feel it.  Feel what no other woman can ever give you, my sweet
Christopher.  Feel, so I can feel."
     God, she was right.  No one had ever made me feel like this.  It was
like an addiction.  Each new plateau of pleasure left me wanting to go
higher.  Anggie again did something with her hips that caused a sudden
surge of raw pleasure to course through my body.  A continuous groan
escaped me, increasing in volume as she continued to torture me.  A
torture I never wanted to end.
     Anggie continued to ride me.  Sometimes so slowly that it seemed she
hardly moved at all, her vaginal muscles playing over my embedded shaft. 
Other times, she moved so rapidly, the room filled with the sounds of
flesh striking flesh as she slammed against me.
     Briefly, in the back of my mind, I wondered how much longer I could
take this.  I had never lasted this long before.  But such thoughts
disappeared as my senses were overloaded with the raw power of pleasure
she continually fed to me.
     But nothing lasts forever, no matter how much we want it too.  Once
again I felt the pressure building deep down in my center.  I could no
longer restrain my body, and my hips started to rise and fall with her
movements.  My hands dug into her and pulled her down on top of me.
     Anggie reached between us and grasped my shaft between her fingers. 
Raising herself until the tip of my shaft broke free, she pinched it hard
with her nails.  GOD!  THE PAIN!  My mind screamed in protest as I tried
to catch my breath.
     "Not just yet, my precious," she whispered, gently stroking my
shrinking shaft.  "I have not yet had my fill.  But soon, I promise you. 
Soon we shall join together in the ultimate physical pleasure.  Just be
patient a little bit more, my darling.  Just let your Angel feel a little
bit more."
     Less than gently, she stuffed my softened penis back in her love
box.  Again she started her torturous ride, as her vaginal muscles gently
squeezed and released my shaft.  God, I've never known anyone like her. 
Quickly the pain was replaced by pleasant sensations, and my shaft
hardened in response.
     Soon my whole body shivered with mind-numbing pleasure.  Anggie
again lowered her upper body so her dangling breasts lightly caressed my
chest.  Her rigid nipples burned across my sensitized skin, adding
further overloads to my nervous system.
     My body floated in space.  Each time I felt a part of her against
me, it was like a thousand volts of electricity passed through me.  Her
hands burned my skin as she raked her nails across my chest.  Her nipples
were like fiery brands, leaving charred flesh wherever they touched.  Her
slit was like a bed of coals, encasing my straining erection.
     I had passed beyond pleasure.  I had gone beyond pain.  My entire
body had turned into a gigantic cock.  My entire being was one continuous
orgasm, never diminishing, never ending.  Surely I had died, and my
angel, my sweet fallen angel had carried me off to some special heaven.
     I was moaning uncontrollably as Anggie pressed her mouth to my
breast, her tongue lashing against my nipple.  That proved to be the last
straw, as I felt my orgasm swell within my near bursting shaft.  This
time Anggie did not try to stop the inevitable.  Instead she started
nipping my chest and nipple with her teeth.  I was surprised that instead
of being painful, it only increased the pleasure I felt.
     Suddenly I felt her teeth sink into my flesh.  A searing pain
coursed through me as I screamed, "God damned bitch bit me!"  Then as
suddenly as the pain came, it left.  A pleasant burning sensation filled
me as my orgasm exploded.  All the mind-blowing pleasure I had experi-
enced up to that moment was nothing compared to pleasure I felt now.  The
intensity of the pleasure that shook my body was more than my mind could
take.  Suddenly, everything ceased to exist as my mind fell into total
blackness.


                             ------o0o------


     Slowly, I emerged from the blackness.  There was a high school
marching band clamouring around in my head.  And the Sahara desert had
moved into my mouth while I slept.  I groaned out loud as my head
suddenly realized it was hung-over.  
     Every muscle in my body protested as I tried to turn my head.  God,
I've never felt this bad after a drunk.  The dim glow of sunlight,
leaking in from around the curtains, seared my eyes.  I shut them tight
in pain.  Slowly, I opened them to mere slits and found I could just
tolerate the brightness.
     I appeared to be alone.  At least Angelica was no longer in bed with
me.  Carefully turning my head, I saw the bathroom door was open.  I
could neither see nor hear her.  Guess she took off.  I felt a pang of
regret.
     My groin area ached from the work-out it had received last night. 
Matter of fact, my whole body ached.  I felt as if I had just run a
marathon.  But God, she had been fantastic.  Even in my widest dreams, I
never imagined sex could be that good.
     I'd had my share of sex partners.  And Ellie and I had a great
physical relationship.  (Even if our emotional one was shit at the
moment).  But I'd never experienced such extreme physical enjoyment...
enjoyment?  Shit, more like pure, raw ecstasy.  Just the memory of last
night caused my penis to throb.
     I closed my eyes, and allowed my mind to re-experience the night's
events.  Once again, my angel's face hovered above me, her grey eyes
sucking at my soul.  Her firm, hard breasts caressing my chest, her tight
womb swallowing my being as I drowned in a sea of sweet, vibrant pleas-
ures.  And once again I fell into the blackness.


                              -----o0o-----


     My consciousness struggled to the surface, chasing away shadowy
images of a beautiful fallen angel.  My eyes opened slowly, fearful of
the brightness, only to find the room bathed in a soft, diffused light. 
The racket in my head had subsided to a tolerable dull roar.
     I was still alone.  My body felt limp, without energy.  But when I
moved, there was less discomfort than earlier.  Slowly I slid a leg off
the bed and onto the floor.  Pushing myself up into a sitting position, I
sat there, girding myself for the next step-- standing up.
     I was surprised at the way I felt.  I was numb, listless.  Just
standing seemed to take more effort than it was worth.  But somehow I
managed to get myself into the bathroom.
     After relieving a bloated bladder (which in itself was near
ecstasy), I stepped into the shower.  The blast of steaming hot water
seemed to help clear the cobwebs from my brain, but did little to
rejuvenate my sagging energy levels.
     Still feeling sluggish, I towelled off and returned to the other
room.  Looking around I saw someone had picked up my clothing, and having
neatly folded them, placed them on a chair.  My bag was where I had left
it last night near the door.  Grabbing the bag, I tossed it on the bed
and opened it.  Taking out a change of clothing, I got dressed.
     As I dressed, images of last night flashed through my consciousness. 
My penis, fully erect, throbbed with pleasure.  As I pulled my pants on,
the confinement of my shaft became pure agony.  I briefly played with the
idea of jerking off.   And just as quickly, discarded it.  I wasn't some
pimply-face teen aged kid.  At last dressed, I headed down to my car. 
With no destination in ming, I drove away from the motel.
     Several cars driving in the other direction flashed their headlights
at me.  I suddenly realized the sun had set, and I had been driving
without being consciously aware of doing so.  I quickly turned on my car
lights, and tried to take my bearings.
     For a reason I could not fathom, I seemed compelled to drive in a
certain direction.  I did not spend much time trying to analyze the
compulsion, but simply went with it.  I drove by the old cemetery. 
Nowadays, it was more of a historical site.  There were few people still
alive who had relatives or loved ones buried here.  (Most of the burials
took place at the newer cemetery located on the other end of town.)
     I suddenly needed to park the car.  Again, I briefly wondered why
the sudden urge.  But as soon as the question appeared in my mind, it
disappeared.  Getting out of the car, I walked to the entrance.
     The next thing I knew, I was standing outside a large mausoleum. 
How I got there, I had no idea.  As I looked back to where I thought the
road was, I heard movement near by.
     Turning toward the sound, I saw her.  She was dressed exactly as she
had been the night before.  A burst of raw, animal passion surged through
me. God, I wanted her.
     "Ah, my precious Christopher.  At last you have come.  I was afraid
you would resist.  I am so weak this night.  But soon you will help me
with that.  And then later, we shall explore and feast together.  Come!"
she commanded, entering the mausoleum.
     I couldn't have refused her even if I thought to.  Like a dog who
smells a bitch in heat, I followed her eagerly into the building, waiting
for the chance to satisfy my lust.  The inside was dark.  I could just
barely see her.  I quickly moved to her, grabbed her in my arms and
smashed my mouth against hers.
     Her hands flew to my chest.  Her fingers fumbled with the buttons of
my shirt, only to realize they couldn't remove it that way.  (I had put
on one of those pull-over golf shirts.  You know the type with the three
or four buttons at the neck?)  Her hands tore at my shirt as she pulled
it from my pants.  She pushed me away from her as she raised it to my
chest.
     I had a fire burning between my legs.  I pressed my groin hard
against her stomach.  My hands left her and tore at my belt buckle.  I
glanced up at her expecting to see her tearing at her clothes, and froze.
     Her face!  It was changing.  God, I must still be drunk from last
night, I thought.  Her chin elongated, growing longer and more pointed. 
Her lips stretched in a sick smile, across her face as her mouth grew in
size.  And her teeth.  Those sweet, white pearls had suddenly become
ragged, cruel, with long, protruding canines.
     Her eyes change from the deep grey to a sickly, glowing yellow.  She
was a monster.  And I couldn't move or cry out.  My limbs no longer
obeyed me.  It was like I had suddenly become a prisoner within my own
body.  I could think.  But that was all I could do.
     "Ah, my precious.  Does my appearance distress you?" she hissed
through those hideous teeth.  "Have you never seen pictures of vampires
before?  Let me assure you, I am one of the least hideous.  But come, we
waste time.  I can feel my strength ebbing.  I know you're still weak
from our last joining, but I promise I will only take a little.  Just
enough for me to manage until we make other arrangements."
     Through no will of my own, my body moved closer to her.  I felt a
shiver as she caressed my bare chest.  She lowered her face to my breast
and her tongue lashed across my nipple.  Again, I felt the fire burn in
my groin.  My mind was screaming in terror, yet my body screamed for her
touch.
     Suddenly, I felt a cold stab of terrifying pain as she sank her
teeth into me.  And then, as it happened last night, (I wondered why I
had not remembered this happening last night until this moment.) my body
was consumed by the most exquisite physical ecstasy imaginable.
     I have no idea how long we were...  What was her word?  Joined? 
Yes, that's it.  I had no idea how long we were joined, but slowly, my
mind cleared through the consuming fires.  She stood before me, a bemused
smile on her face.  Her face.  It was normal, beautiful.  The face I had
fallen for the night before when I had first seen her in the mirror.  She
was once again my angel.
     I thought I must be going crazy.  Had I imagined it all?  The
discomfort of my erection, confined within my pants, was certainly not
imaginary.  I looked down at my chest and my heart skipped a beat.
     There they were-- two small holes just above the nipple.  Each
tinged a sick purple, obviously inflamed.  I quickly glanced at her,
expecting to see that monster.  But there only stood Angelica, sweet,
angelic, and beautiful.
     "Poor Christopher," she said.  "You are confused.  Don't worry, my
darling.  Soon you will get used to it.  Come, we must go.  I have had
but a small taste of that which I need, that which I crave.  They are not
in themselves the same thing.  But without either, I can not survive."
     I understood nothing of what she said.  It didn't matter.  I was
with my angel.  And whatever she wanted, she would have.  I followed her
back to my car.  Without further conversation, we drove away.
     Angelica sat at my side, her hand lightly on my thigh.  I was
finding it very difficult to concentrate on driving.  I wasn't even
paying attention to where we were going.  We were somewhere on Highway
103.  I tried to casually place a hand on her leg, but she simply placed
it back on the steering wheel.
     "Wait, precious.  Soon you will have more than you could possibly
want."
     Feeling irritated, I snapped, "Yeah right.  Am I simply suppose to
drive around in circles all night, waiting for you to get in the mood?"
     She chuckled and told me to take the next exit.  The exit sign
indicated we were in Delston.  We must have been driving for about an
hour.  Once off the highway, she directed me to the older, shabby part of
the city.  I wondered how she knew her way around so well.  Maybe she
lived here.  It took me a moment to realize we had entered the 'red-
light' district.
     "Slow down," she urged.  "I've decided to allow you to select
tonight's entertainment," she said, rolling down her window and indicat-
ing the girls lounging along the street.
     While I had been to Delston several times, I'd never been in this
area.  The street seemed to be literally crowded with prostitutes.  It
was something out of a movie.  I slowed the car and watched the women as
we drove by.
     "They live such hollow lives, don't they?" she said softly.  "They
are the lost ones.  Cynical, frightened, they sell their bodies, even
their souls, to support their private Hell.  Whether that hell be some
abusive, uncaring man, or some soul sucking drug."
     "They are so lonely, so desperate, they give everything they have
for what little pleasure or sense of security they can find.  How alike
we are.  Well tonight, one of them will know, for a brief moment, the
ultimate happiness.  And the final solution to their petty problems. 
Pick one, my precious.  Pick one you find irresistible."
     I looked at each girl as we slowly continued along the street. The
fact that I had a woman in the car with me didn't seem to deter them from
hawking their wares.  Some were actually pretty, or at least would have
been if they weren't so tawdry.
     Suddenly, my eyes stopped on one standing back against a building. 
She was a small girl, blond and tanned.  Looked more like a college co-ed
than a hooker.  Dressed in a halter and tight shorts, she wasn't as
overly made up as some of the others.  I liked her clean looks.
     "Ah, she does look special, my precious," Angelica said.  "Shall I
call her over?"
     Without waiting for my reply, Angelica motioned to the girl.  The
girl glanced nervously to the left and right before awkwardly walking
over to the car.  It was obvious she was not comfortable in the high-
heels she wore.  It was also obvious she was frightened, as she kept
glancing back at the dark alley next to the building.
     As she neared the car, the frightened look was replaced by what she
must have thought was a seductive smile.  "Hi," she said, brightly.
     "We were thinking of having a party," Angelica told her.  "My friend
and I were wondering if you'd join us.?
     "Er... Sure," the young hooker said, her voice unsteady.  "We can go
around the back.  I have a room up on the third floor."
     "Actually, we were thinking more along the lines of going some place
private, and spending the night.  We'll make it worth your while,"
Angelica offered.
     "Well, I don't know...  I mean..."  She glanced back at the alley. 
"I'll give you a good party upstairs.  It's pretty private.  You don't
need to go anywhere else"
     "Maybe next time," Angelica said, motioning me to start driving.
     "No!  Wait," the girl cried out.  "Maybe I can.  I'll have to check
first and..."
     "You do that, sweetheart," Angelica said.  "But don't take too long,
the night is wasting."
     The girl hurried to the alley.  I couldn't see who she was talking
to, but the conversation seemed quite animated.  After a moment, she
returned.
     "It'll cost you extra.  I mean spending the entire night and all,"
she said.
     "And I'm sure you'll make it all worthwhile.  How much extra?"
Angelica asked.
     The girl mentioned a figure that caused me to let out a low whistle. 
These girls made a pretty good living if that was what they normally
charged.  Angelica didn't flinch, and agreed to the price.
     "Er...  I gotta get the money up front," the girl said.  "Not that I
don't trust you or anything like that.  But..."
     Angelica opened her purse (I hadn't even noticed she had one),
counted out the money, and handed it to the young hooker.
      Once again the girl hurried to the alley.  We watched as she handed
the money to someone hidden in the shadows and then quickly hurried back
to the car.
     Angelica opened the car door and stepped out.  She indicted the girl
should get in first.  The girl hesitated, glanced back at the alley, and
then got in the car.  She slid over to make room for Angelica, and sat
staring straight ahead.  Once the three of us were the car, I started
driving.  Not really knowing why, I headed back to the highway.
     The girl became agitated.  "Where are you taking me?' she demanded.
     "It's okay, sweetheart," Angelica said.  "We're just going a couple
of miles.  You know the old motel out on the highway?"
     "You mean the Blue Swan?  The one near the truck stop?"
     "That's the one.  You ever been there?"
     "Once," the girl replied.  As we were squeezed together in the front
seat, I felt the shudder as it passed through her.
     "What's your name, sweetheart?" Angelica asked.
     "Amy," the girl replied.
     "That's a pretty name.  Just the kind of name I'd expect a pretty
girl like you to have," Angelica added as she put an arm around the
girl's shoulder.  Amy's body went rigid at the contact.  "My name is
Angel.  And that's Chris over there.  Now that we know each other's name,
we can become better acquainted."  Angelica traced an imaginary line
along the girl's thigh, from the knee to the edge of the tight shorts.
     "Please don't," Amy pleaded.
     "Don't?  Did you say, don't?" Angelica challenged.  "Maybe we should
turn around and go back.  I'm sure whoever that was in that alley will be
more than willing to return our money."
     "No!  Don't!  If I go back now, he'll beat the shit out of me."
     "He?  Who's he?"
     "Rick.  He's... er... He's my manager.  Please don't go back.  You
can touch me.  I don't mind, really.  I guess I'm just feeling a bit
nervous tonight."
     "You're new at this, aren't you?" Angelica asked, her hand returning
to the girl's thigh.
     "I've been around," Amy replied, defiantly.
     "I'm sure you have.  But working the streets isn't something you've
done for long, my sweet."
     "Doesn't matter how long I've been working the streets.  I know what
I'm doing.  I'll do you good, you'll see."
     "I'm sure you will," Angelica said.  I could hear the laughter in
her voice.  "Have you ever done it with another woman?"
     "Well...  I and this other girl, Cindy did a special show one time
at this party," Amy said, somewhat timidly.
     "Good, I'm glad to hear you're experienced," Angelica replied.
     "Well... It was mostly pretend.  But I'm a quick learner, really I
am," she added.
     "I hope so.  Why don't you kiss me?" Angelica suggested.  The girl
just sat there.  "Don't be afraid.  I don't bite. ... Much."
     Amy turned and, pressing her mouth hard against Angelica, kissed
her.  Angelica immediately pushed the girl away.  "No, not like that. 
Kiss me like you would want someone to kiss you.  Come on, try it again."
     Again Amy kissed the woman, and again she was pushed away.  "I'm
glad you told me you're a fast learner," Angelica said.  "Because you
certainly have a lot to learn.  Here, sit back, and let me show you how
to kiss properly."
     I watched them in the rear-view mirror.  Angelica turned in her seat
and leaned over to kiss the girl.  Her lips caressed the other's mouth. 
Her tongue ran lightly over the girl's lips.  Softly, she placed small
kisses over the girl's chin. mouth, and nose.  Slowly, Amy relaxed and
allowed herself to enjoy Angelica's attention.
     I saw the lights of the motel up ahead.  I glanced at the two women
and saw Angelica insert her tongue between Amy's parted lips.  I slowed
the car and turned into the motel's driveway.  I watched as Angelica
moved back against the door causing Amy to follow after her.  I pulled
into an empty parking spot, turned off the ignition, and waited for them.
     Gently breaking the kiss, Angelica pushed Amy away.  "Now that was
much better.  I'm really looking forward to see what else you can do with
that mouth.  But for now, we'll just wait here while Chris gets us a
room."  As I got out of the car, she called, "See if we can get the end
unit, my precious."
     I quickly rented the room Angelica had requested, and returned
outside.  I had found watching the two girls kiss a tremendous turn on. 
I was eager to be alone with the two of them.   I saw them standing
outside the end unit and hurried over.  Unlocking the door, I went in and
turned on the lights.  They followed me inside.
     "Not as nice as our room last night," Angelica said, closing the
door.  "But it will do."  Motioning me to her side, she added, "Come, my
precious.  Amy is about to reveal her charms for our enjoyment."  Amy
stood there, a confused look on her face.  "Now my sweet Amy, don't be
cruel.  We stand here, eager to see what you have to offer."
     Suddenly understanding, Amy raised her halter over her head.  I
sucked in my breath as her breasts, freed of restraints, jiggled
provocatively.  The palms of my hands itched to touch them.
     "Oh they are lovely, my sweet.  So full and firm.  We shall both
love touching and sucking them.  And now the shorts."
     Amy undid her belt, and pushed the shorts down over her hips. 
Angelica moved in front of me, and pressed back against me.  I wrapped my
arms around her, my hands engulfing her chest.  My eyes were riveted on
Amy, as she bent to step out of the shorts.  As she straightened, I had
my first unobstructed view of her golden triangle.
     My breath caught in my throat in response to her beauty.  A beauty
in direct contrast to Angelica's.  Where my angel was extremely pale
skinned with midnight black hair, Amy was well tanned (couldn't see any
tan lines) and totally blond.  Amy was about the same height as Angelica,
but bigger built, with larger breasts and fuller hips.
     "She is a beauty, isn't she?" Angelica said.  "Can you imagine your
face buried in those breasts?  That sensuous mouth engulfing your hard
shaft?  The supple thighs wrapped tight around your hips as you cock is
buried deep inside her hot pussy?"
     If Angelica thought such talk was necessary to get me aroused, she
was wrong.  Already my shaft strained against my pants.  My heart beat
rapidly as I tried to control my breathing.  I buried my face in her hair
as I continued to stare at Amy.
     Angelica twisted in my arms until she faced me.  She called the girl
over as she started pulling my shirt over my head.  I quickly got rid of
the shirt, and waited.  Angelica pressed her mouth against my nipple and
kissed it.  A shudder ran through me at her touch.  Amy stood close by
and watched.  Her mouth and tongue still playing with my nipple, Angelica
reached out for Amy and pulled her closer.  Placing one hand behind the
girl's head, she gently drew her to my chest.
     Amy figured out what Angelica wanted, and her mouth attached itself
to my other nipple.  I felt my nipples stiffen under the dual attack.  I
marvelled at the different texture of each set of lips and tongue. 
Angelica's was definitely the more experienced.  But I could not fault
Amy's.  My knees felt weak as I softly moaned.  This was definitely going
to be a night to remember.
     Again the pleasure I felt seemed to grow in leaps and bounds.  I
reached for Amy's breasts as she pressed them against my ribs.  I wanted
one of them in my mouth.  Hell, I wanted to cram both of them in my
mouth.
     But Angelica had other ideas.  She stopped her tender torture of my
nipple and stepped back.  Placing her hands on Amy's shoulder, she gently
pushed the girl down on her knees.  Angelica then reached out and
unbuckled my belt.
     "Why don't you see what that bulge is?" she suggested to Amy.
     Amy did as suggested.  First, lowering the zipper, she then pushed
my pants down over my hips.  She pressed her mouth against the bulge,
only the thin cotton fabric of my briefs separating my rock hard cock
from her warm, sensuous lips.  She licked and sucked my shaft through my
briefs until the cloth was wet with her saliva.
     Angelica undressed as she watched us.  If anyone ever asked me, I'd
have gladly told them that having your cock played with by one woman
while another undressed just inches away was definitely a turn-on.  As if
sensing my heightened desire, Angelica, now fully naked, laughed and did
a slow bump and grind.
     Amy, still sucking my covered shaft, tried to push my pants over my
shoes.  I attempted to help by lifting a leg, but all I accomplished was
falling over on top of her.  As we struggled to untangle ourselves,
Angelica stood there laughing.
     I finally managed to get into a sitting position, and quickly
removed shoes, socks and pants.  I reached for Amy, and pulled her to me. 
As I was about to bury my face in her ample breasts, Angelica suggested
we move to the bed.  I wasn't about to.  The attraction I had felt for
this girl earlier had grown into an almost uncontrollable lust.  I fully
intended to take her there on the floor.
     "Not yet, my precious," Angelica said as she pulled the girl from my
arms.  "First we take the edge of what you're feeling, then it's my turn
to discover her delicious charms."
     I watched, dumbfounded, as Angelica led Amy to the bed.  I scrambled
to my feet and followed.  I quickly discarded my briefs by the time I
joined them on the bed.  Angelica positioned me between them, and then
urged Amy to resume her attention to my cock.
     A shudder ran through my body as Amy's lips lightly brushed against
the tip of my swollen gland.  Her tongue flicked out and slowly travelled
down the underside of my shaft until it reached my balls.  Her hands
wrapped around the length of my shaft, and slowly started to pump up and
down.  Angelica leaned over and took the tip between her lips.  Her
tongue played at the small opening in the tip, driving me crazy.
     I was going crazy.  Two mouths tortured my throbbing cock, two
tongues lashing against the screaming flesh as four hands stroked,
caressed and squeezed my balls, buttocks, thighs, and cock.  I thought I
was in heaven.
     As if knowing I was near, Angelica moved upward until her face was
near mine.  Amy continued to suck my cock, having taken it fully into her
mouth.  Angelica kissed and nibbled my ears and neck as her hands roamed
over my chest.  I could feel my orgasm building, and tried to hold off
just a bit longer.
     "Come in her mouth," Angelica said softly in my ear.  "I want to
watch your face as you explode in her hot, wet mouth, filling it with
your cum.  I want to feel your excitement as she swallows mouthful after
mouthful of your hot cum.  I want to feel your desire as you watch us
kiss afterwards, as you watch me suck the remains of your cum from her
mouth."
     That was all I could take.  I felt the first hot burst of cum
explode from my cock as Amy continued to take me fully in her mouth.  My
pleasure increased with each burning spasm, as she sucked down hard on my
throbbing shaft.  I could feel her throat working as she swallowed spurt
after spurt of my climax.
     At last I was finished, my breathing ragged, my chest heaving.  I
glanced down at Amy, and felt a twinge of pleasure in my groin as I saw
her mouth and chin covered in my cum.  Small spasms continued to shoot
through me as she continued to milk my deflating shaft.
     Angelic reached out to the girl and drew her upward until they lay
face to face across my chest.  I watched as Angelica licked the traces of
my cum from Amy's face.  Her tongue greedily pushed its way into Amy's
mouth.  Again I found it a turn on to watch them kiss.  It was almost as
if Angelica had reached deep down into my subconscious and was acting out
my secret fantasies, one by one.
     I reached out and cupped a breast in each hand.  Amy's, larger,
softer, overflowed my grasp.  Angelica's, firmer but smaller, easily fit
in the palm of my hand.  I kneaded their flesh as they continued to kiss. 
My fingers teased their nipples, stroking and pinching until they grew
hard and rigid.  Even Amy's nipples were bigger, thicker than Angelica's. 
I just had to have it in my mouth.
     I raised my head and took the turgid nipple into my mouth and
sucked.  My tongue circled it teasingly, before zeroing in and lightly
flicking rapidly against it.  My efforts were rewarded as Amy pressed
against my face.  For a moment, I couldn't breath as her ample breast
blocked my nose.  Shifting my position, I continued to suck and tongue
her delicious tit.
     Angelica gently broke their embrace.  Lowering her head, she took
Amy's other breast into her mouth.  She moved closer to me, until mere
inches separated our mouths.  Her mouth left the other breasts and joined
mine.  Her tongue traced the corner of my mouth as I continued to suck.
     The touch of her tongue sent electrical sparks through me.  I eased
off a bit on the tit in my mouth until my opened lips barely enclosed the
rigid nipple.  Angelica's tongue forced its way between my lips and
lashed out at the nipple.  My tongue joined in the fun.
     God, I couldn't believe what we were doing.  I was surprised to feel
a stirring in my groin.  The feel of Angelica's tongue against mine, as
it licked Amy's nipple, was driving me crazy.  And it was getting to Amy,
too.  Or so I thought.
     "Oh god yes," Amy moaned.  "Suck my tittie.  Lick it.  Oh fuck yes,
just like that.  God, it makes me so hot, both your mouths sucking my
tits like that.  I can feel my cunt getting all wet and juicy, I'm so
hot.  Oh fuck, that feels so good.  You make me just wanna cum.  Fuck,
just your mouths on my tittie like this, sucking and licking my burning
nipple, and I'm so hot I could cum for hours."
     Angelica stopped what she was doing, sat up and slapped the girl.
     "Hey?  Why'd you do that for?" Amy cried out.  "Shit, that hurt.  I
ain't into that stuff."
     "And I ain't into bullshit," snapped Angelica.  "So cut the 'I'm so
hot' crap.  Don't pretend, don't fake it."
     "But that's what I always do.  Most of my tricks . . . er . . .  I
mean . . .  lovers, they like it when I talk like that."
     "I don't.  And we are not like most of your tricks.  There is no
need to pretend.  You will 'cum' as you say, I promise.  You will
experience more pleasure tonight than you have ever done in your young
life."
     "Sure.  Whatever you say," Amy said, sceptically.  "But no more of
the rough stuff, okay?"
     Angelica smiled, and kissed Amy.  "No more rough stuff," she said. 
"Come, slide across him and lay between us, so we both may sample what
you have to offer," she instructed the girl.
     I helped Amy settle between us, using it as an excuse to run my
hands over her plump ass and firm thighs.  They were everything I hoped
they might be.  I promised myself that before the night was over I would
take her doggie style.  Once Amy was settled between us, I joined
Angelica as we once again sucked and licked those luscious breasts.
     Slowly, we both moved downward, tonguing and kissing the warm flesh
beneath us.  Angelica moved between Amy's legs and lightly ran a hand
over the wispy blond bush.  As much as I wanted a taste of that sweet
pussy, I was excited more by the fact I was actually going to see one
woman eat another.  Angelica smiled at me as she ran a finger along the
plump slit, forcing the outer lips apart.
     I rested my head on Amy's stomach and watched Angelica.  First she
teased the fleshy opening with her fingers.  Gently prying apart the
outer lips and lightly massaging the pinkness beneath.  Then she lowered
her face until her lips caressed the opening.  Finally her tongue licked
the tiny opening, teasing it to widen.
     I could feel Amy squirm beneath me.  Fascinated, I watched the
muscles in her thighs tense each time Angelica's tongue plunged itself
deep in her lovebox.  I could smell her musky odor, and see her love
juices shining on Angelica's mouth and chin.  I moved my hand to Amy's
vagina.  A shudder ran through me as Angelica pushed her tongue through
my spread fingers to continue her attack on the hot, wet box.
     Angelica continued to lick and suck the warm inviting slit, paying
particular to Amy's clit.  She pushed two fingers into the slick cunt and
began to finger-fucked the girl.   With an ear pressed against Amy's
stomach, I could hear her heart beating wildly. 
     "Oh god, yesssssssssssssss," Amy moaned.  "I can't believe it, I'm
really gonna cum.  Just a little more.  Ooooh yessssssssss.  God it feels
so good.   OooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH SHIT!  I'M CUMMING"
     I was not to be denied any longer.  I moved down until I was level
with Angelica.  I grabbed one of Amy's legs and pushed it up over my
head.  My mouth and tongue sucked and licked her tender inner thigh. 
Slowly I moved across her flesh until I was face to face with Angelica. 
Amy groaned loudly as our mouths competed for space, our tongues con-
stantly duelling for the privilege of tasting the sweet juices.
     Angelica forced her mouth against mine, her tongue pushing its way
between my lips.  My shaft stiffened as I tasted Amy in Angelica's kiss. 
Angelica broke our kiss to return to Amy's center.  She rubbed her face
around in the wet opening until even her cheeks and nose glistened with
the wet juices.  Lifting her head from between Amy's legs, she returned
to me.  She kissed and rubbed my face with hers until I was drowning in
the musky scent.
     Angelica drew us both down to Amy's cunt.  This time she moved aside
and allowed me access to that wet hole.  I pressed my eager mouth to the
opening.  I inserted a finger in her sopping wet hole as I tortured her
engorged clit with my tongue.   Amy clutched my hair as she rode the
final spasms of her climax.
     I continued to suck and lick the hot, throbbing slit beneath me,
coaxing every last bit of the orgasm from Amy.  As I looked up, Angelica
was mere inches from my face.   Her eyes wide and unfocused, her breath-
ing ragged, you would have thought it was she who was cumming.
     "Ah yes, my precious.  Just a little more.  The clit, tongue it. 
Oh, god yes like that.  I can feel it.  God, I can feel it," she moaned
as I did to Amy as she asked.
     Amy writhed sporadically beneath me, her moans slowly fading as her
climax passed.  I moved from her vagina until I was face to face with
Angelica.  I brushed my cum coated lips across hers, my tongue lightly
tracing the fullness of her mouth.  Her tongue slipped out and licked
Amy's juices from my mouth and chin.  I shivered with the contact.
     "You are very good, my precious," Angelica said softly.  "It is not
every man who knows how to use his mouth and tongue as well as you do." 
I started to deny that I had done anything extraordinary, but she stilled
my protest by covering my mouth with hers.  Her hands caressed my neck
and shoulders, her touch increasing my already burning passion.
     Breaking the kiss, she added, "You are much better than you realize. 
As I am sure our sweet Amy will testify to, won't my sweet?"
     "God yes.  I've never come before like I did just now.  I still
can't believe it.  I thought you two were only bullshitting when you said
I would cum like I never did before.  And we ain't even started to fuck
yet."
     Angelica laughed as she reached out and grasped one of Amy's
breasts.  "You haven't even started to experience what we have in store
for you, my sweet."  She slid up along Amy's body until they were face to
face.  "Kiss me.  Lick your cum from my mouth," she told the girl.
     Fascinated, I watched as they kissed.  Knowing Amy must be tasting
herself only increased my excitement.  I buried my mouth between her legs
once again and smothered her still wet opening.  My hands slid beneath
her buttocks, kneading the twin globes of flesh.  My tongue sought out
her clitoris and rapidly flicked across the tender nub.  She squeezed her
thighs tightly against my head in eager response.
     Feeling movement, I raised my eyes to see Angelica straddling Amy's
face.  I continued licking and sucking the hot slit before me as I
watched her settle over Amy's mouth.  I could see the girl's tongue
tentatively lick Angelica's dark bush.  Each time Amy licked the vagina
above her, I did the same to her.
     "Yes my precious, show her what to do," Angelica said softly, as her
hands teased Amy's rigid nipples.  I felt my excitement increase as I
watched the girl squirm under my angel's experienced hands.  My hands
continued to knead her ass as my oral attention to her clit intensified. 
I gently pressed my thumb into Amy's warm throbbing vaginal opening as I
teased her small rectal bud with my middle finger.
     "Oh yes, do it.  Stick it in me," I heard a voice moan.  Glancing
up, I expected to see Amy doing the same to Angelica.  To my surprise,
Amy's hands were in plain sight, as they gripped Angelica's spread
thighs.  "Don't tease, my precious," Angelica pleaded.  "I want to feel
it.  Stick your finger deep in her ass,"
     Something was out of sync.  I watched Angelica closely as I slowly
pushed my finger into the tight anal passage.  Her breathing became more
ragged as a high pitched sound seemed to issue from deep inside her.
     "Yesssssssssssssss!  Now your thumb.  Fuck her with your thumb."
     I rammed my thumb in as deep as I could.  I moved both finger and
thumb in and out of the twin openings as fast as I could.  Amy moaned
loudly, her head rolling from side to side within the confines of
Angelica's thighs.  Her reactions seemed normal.
     But Angelica's reactions were not.  She had raised herself from
Amy's mouth.  There was no contact between her and Amy.  Yet she was
reacting almost the same as Amy.  Her hips moved in the same rhythm, her
moans rose and fell in the same rhythm.  It was almost as if it was she
beneath me instead of the girl.
     "Just a little more, my precious," she pleaded.  "She is almost
there.  All I need is just a little more.  Faster, my precious, fuck us
faster."
     The realization that Angelica was experiencing what Amy was feeling
suddenly struck me.  As I continued to plunge my fingers in Amy's nether
openings, I watched Angelica, amazed to see her pelvic movements mimic
the girl's.  I could almost sense both women's pleasure.  They seemed to
echo within my own pleasure.  Confused by what was happening, I stopped
my probing of Amy's holes, withdrawing my fingers from the hot, slick
openings.
     The ensuing vocal protests wailed about me like a screeching wind. 
I heard Amy's voice pleading for me not to stop.  Offering to do anything
I wanted if I would only continue.  But I wasn't paying attention to her. 
I was watching Angelica.
     "NoooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  Not now!  Not when she's so close!"
Angelica screamed at me.  Her face contorted in anger.  Her eyes shim-
mered, at first darkening, then changing to a sickly yellow.
     I felt a knot of fear grow in my belly as I suddenly remembered how
her face had transformed into that hideous monster early that evening. 
Whatever passion I had been feeling up to that moment suddenly vanished. 
I felt my harden shaft shrivel, as my heart beat wildly within the
confines of my ribs.  My mind screamed at me to flee.  But my body
refused to obey, frozen by the fear that was consuming me.
     I watched, mesmerized, as Angelica's emotions clearly showed upon
her face--  frustration, anger and hatred.  And I felt them, felt them as
clearly as if they were my own.  Somehow I was able to experience what
Angelica was feeling.  As she felt what I had been doing to Amy.  As she
had felt what I felt when we had made love the night before.
     With a clarity that surprised me, I suddenly realized that the
monster not only fed upon people's blood, but also on their feelings,
both emotional as well as physical.  And somehow I was acting as a
conduit, an amplifier, increasing the intensity of those feelings.  Not
just an amplifier, but a receiver as well.  I could feel Angelica's
anger.  I could feel Amy's physical frustration as well as her mental
confusion.
     Angelica scrambled over Amy's body, grabbing my head between her
hands.  "Now, now, my precious.  We will have time to figure this all out
later.  Right now, you have more pressing matters to concern yourself
with.  I will not be cheated.  I have gone without for too long.  You
will finish what you've started, my precious.  I do not need you,
willingly, in the link.  But it is so much better if you do not resist."
     Angelica gently stroked my cheek as she added, "I can make you feel
whatever I want.  Pain..."  My breath caught in my throat as pain
exploded across my consciousness.  It was as if an invisible hand had
suddenly grabbed my testicles and was crushing them.  "Or uncontrollable
lust.."  As quickly as she said the words, the pain was replaced with a
intense physical hunger.  I reached for her, wanting to fuck her until we
both passed out from the exertion.
     "Yes, precious.  We both want that, don't we?  As does this sweet
thing beneath us.  Can't you feel her need?  And feeling it, doesn't it
inflame your need even more?  Just think how much more her orgasm will
add to your own pleasure.  Just think how much my satisfaction will add
to both."
     Suddenly I didn't feel anything.  That wasn't not quite true.  I
still felt fear, confusion.  I was feeling my own feelings.  But I no
longer felt what she had been making me feel.  My mind cast about,
searching for something else.  I sensed Amy's frustration.  I narrowed my
concentration and the girl's feelings became more intense.  Her feelings
were all inward, as if she was oblivious to what was going on between me
and Angelica.
     "She feels what I allow her to," Angelica explained.  "She is easier
to control than you, not having your abilities."
     I casted a questioning look toward Angelica.
     "You don't even realize the talent you have," she chuckled.  "You
are an Empath.  You can feel what others feel.   That is a rare talent
among the Living.  But even more unique, is your ability to make others
feel what you want them to feel."
     I wanted to deny what she was saying.  But the protest died on my
lips as my mind dredged up past memories.  I always did seem to have a
knack for knowing what people were really thinking.  Over the years, more
than one person had jokingly accused me of reading their minds.  And most
of my lovers had always praised me for seeming to know just what it was
they liked the best.
     But being able to make others feel what I wanted them to feel?  Okay
so maybe I was more perceptive than most people.  It didn't mean I was
some sort of freak with special mental talent. I didn't really feel other
people's emotions.  And I certainly didn't make others feel the way I
wanted them to feel.  Angelica was wrong.  This was just kind of a trick
to confuse me.  It was something she was doing.  Something she needed for
her own ends.
     "You can deny your talent all you want," Angelica said.  "But it
exists.  Did you not feel her need?  Did you not sense my anger?"
     "I didn't need any special ability to see your anger or her frustra-
tion," I replied.  "And it was you who made me feel the rest, just like
you made me feel the pain."
     "You dare doubt me?" she snapped.  Again I felt her anger wash
across my consciousness.  Only to have it replaced by a calmness. "I will
show you.  Let your mind open to mine.  Follow what I am doing," she
said.
     I felt a presence on the outer fringes of my consciousness.  It no
form.  It was like a soft gentle breeze that blew across your skin on a
hot summer night.  It was difficult to focus on it.  I tried to narrow in
on it, only to have it fade.
     "No.  Don't think about it," Angelica said softly.  "Just feel.  Let
your conscious mind free itself from its physical anchors.  Don't look
outward.  Allow your feelings to open up.  Just flow with it."
     I tried to clear my mind of all thoughts.  I closed my eyes and
looked inward with my mind.  I listened to my breathing, the beating of
my heart.  I could sense the chilling tentacles of my fear radiating
outward from my center.  Mentally, I pushed them back, lessening their
effect.  As the mass which was my fear diminished, I felt stronger, more
in control.  With one mental thrust, I extinguished the fear completely.
     Deeper I went within myself until I tasted the remnants of my
earlier physical lust.  My mind grasped at the fragments and began
molding them into a single form.  I felt my body respond with increased
desire.  I cradled the form within my mind, stroking and caressing it.  A
burst of pure pleasure spread throughout my groin.
     "Not now," a voice echoed from without.  My pleasure flared briefly
and then went out like a doused fire.  "Follow me.  Watch what I do,"
Angelica instructed.
     Reluctantly, I turned my consciousness outward, searching again for
the form I had felt earlier.  This time it was clear within my mind. 
Like a small flickering flame, all orange and red, it danced just out of
my reach.  I moved after it and was pleased as it grew closer.  But as it
was just in reach, it moved away from me.
     I tried to move more quickly toward it.  I sensed it was Angelica. 
Or at least a part of her.  It gave off a sick, cold essence that chilled
me.  Again I felt the knot of fear.  I quickly pushed the fear aside, and
continued after her.
     I sensed a second form near by.  It glowed weakly, pulsing with a
pale bluish hue.  Diverting my attention from Angelica, my mind sought
this second entity.  A feeling of frustration filled me.  I fought it,
realizing it was coming from Amy.  As I examined her essence, I saw she
was locked within some sort of a loop which prevented her from feeling
anything else.  How I understood this, I didn't know.
     Angelica's presence joined us.  "Now watch," the distance voice
counselled.  I felt a mental probe emanate from the form that was
Angelica and drift toward Amy's.  In my mind's eye, the probe resembled a
slender silvery thread.  It wrapped itself around Amy.  I watched as a
series of luminescent flashes of red streaked down the thread to wash
over the captured form.   The color slowly changed from pale blue to
pink.
     I sensed Amy's frustration recede as it was replaced with the first
hint of sexual arousal.  Another series of red lights flew along the
thread and Amy's emotions responded with heightened pleasure.  I felt my
own pleasure respond in sympathy.  As if from a great distance, I heard a
low moan.  It took me a moment to realize it was coming from Amy.
     "All you need do is reach out and transmit the feeling you want,"
said the hollow voice.  "You can change it as quickly as your mind can
conceive of another feeling.  Like this.."
     I watched as deep violet lights zipped along to engulf Amy's
essence.  As quickly, the feelings of physical pleasure were turned into
ones of pain.  And as quickly, Amy's moans had turned into cries of pain. 
Somehow I had to stop Angelica.  Without conscious thought, I mentally
thrusted forward trying to counter Angelica's tampering and ease the
girl's pain.
     Two silver threads shot out from my center.  One attaching itself to
Angelica, and the other reached toward Amy.  A series of black flashes
flew outward, encompassing Angelica.  The force of the attack caused her
to relinquish her hold on the girl.  While I fought to hold her in check,
I reached out to Amy, replacing the pain with a feeling of pleasant
contentment.
     Suddenly I was slammed hard, not mentally, but physically.  I flew
off the bed, and landed on the floor several feet away.  I looked up to
see Angelica standing over me, her anger slamming against my mind.
     "You dare attack me?  You?  If I did not have greater plans for you,
I would kill you right here."
     Fear engulfed me, my heart beating so fast, I was sure it would
burst.  I tried to reach down and control the fear as I had done before. 
But I found the way blocked.
     "You surprised me by how quickly you learn.  And by how strong you
are for one of the Living.  But you have not yet reached your full
strength.  And even when you do, I doubt you will be a match for me.  For
now, I find your weak attempts amusing."  Suddenly I doubled over, as a
horrible pain ripped through my body.  "But never forget who is the
stronger," I heard Angelica chuckle through my pain-fogged consciousness.
     I lay crippled with pain, whimpering in fear, unable to do anything. 
My mind somehow realized these feelings were not natural, but rather
imposed on it by Angelica.  Again and again I tried to control my
feelings as I had done earlier.  But each attempt failed.  In desper-
ation, I launched another mental attack at her.
     Angelica swayed on her feet momentarily before she was able to
nullify my attack.  "Ah, my precious, you are a strong one.  But come, we
need not fight."  Suddenly both fear and pain left me.  In their place
was a deep feeling of contentment.  "We are destined to be allies, you
and I."
     Angelica reached down and grasped me under the arms.  With no more
effort than picking up a bag of dried leaves, she raised me to my feet
and carried me back to the bed.  Setting me down between Amy's legs, she
one again straddled the girl.
     "Now where were we?  Ah, yes, this sweet thing was just about to
have an orgasm, wasn't she?"  I sensed an immediate change in Amy. 
Almost instantaneously, she went from a passive state to one of full
sexually arousal.  "Aaaaaahhhh, yes," Angelica moaned.  "Now, you were
about to bring her to release, weren't you?."
     I lay there, doing nothing.  Suddenly the invisible hand was once
again grasping my testicles.  I yelped in pain.  "I can do this without
your conscious aid.  It won't be as satisfying for me.  But I promise it
will be very painful for you."
     Trying to fight the pain, I still did nothing.  "And painful for
her," Angelica threatened as Amy suddenly started howling in pain.  I
reached out mentally to change the girl's pain to something else, but
Angelica was prepared for me this time.  She easily blocked my amateurish
attempt while increasing the level of pain we were experiencing. 
Defeated, I gasped, "Okay...  Stop...  I'll do what you want.  Just don't
hurt the girl any more."
     The pain disappeared.  I lay there, gasping for breath as if I had
just run the mile.  I probed the girl beneath me, only to find that
Angelica had her held firmly in her control.  At least Amy wasn't aware
of how she was being manipulated and used.
     "Now let's start again," Angelica purred.  "Poor Amy here, does so
want to cum, don't you, my sweet?"
     "Oh god, yes.  Please stick them back in," Amy pleaded, rasing her
hips to me.
     I was momentarily surprised to hear Amy.  Once again she was con-
scious, fully aroused, just as she was before my little interlude with
Angelica.  Reluctantly, I reinserted my thumb in her still wet vagina,
and began to finger-fuck her.
     "And your finger.  Stick it in her ass," Angelica commanded.  Again
I complied.  Soon Amy was moaning uncontrollably in response.  I reached
out mentally to see if her reactions were her own or induced by Angelica. 
I found no evidence of tampering this time.
     I watched as Angelica again mimicked Any's movements.  Despite the
situation, I found myself aroused.  There was something extremely
stimulating in knowing you were turning on two women at the same time.  I
lowered my face between Amy's legs.  My mouth and tongue sought out her
enlarged clit.  As my tongue flicked across the tender nub,  simultaneous
groans issued from the two women.
     "That's it, my preciousssssssssssssss," Angelica groaned.  "I can
feel it.  She is starting to cum.  More attention to her clit."
     My thumb and finger moved in and out of Amy's twin holes more
rapidly.  I gently grasped her clit between my teeth, as my tongue
continued to flick against the throbbing morsel of flesh.  I sent my mind
deep into her center until I located the bright blazing feelings of
pleasure she was experiencing.  I drew them to me and re-channelled them
to Angelica.
     "Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh," Angelica sobbed.  "Yes, my precious.  Yes.
that's the way.  God, it has been too long.  Fuck the whore.  Fuck me."
     My own pleasure soared as I continued to channel Amy's physical
pleasure to Angelica.  I reached out to Angelica and augmented the stolen
pleasure with a mental boost.  Her hands tore at her vagina as her hips
thrashed about wildly.  Her moans grew in volume until they filled the
room.
     Amy finally crested, her orgasm bursting across her senses.  Wave
after wave of pure physical ecstasy washed across my awareness as I
continued to channel Amy's feelings to Angelica.  Both women screamed as
they finally achieved release.  Caught up in the pleasure of their mutual
climax, I continued to furiously finger fuck and suck Amy's cunt.
     I couldn't believe how intense Amy's climax was.  Until I realized
that I had been augmenting it, too.  Slowly, I withdrew my mental
augmentation, allowing the girl to ride out the rest of her climax
naturally.  Turning my full attention to Angelica, I gave one final
mental push, sending her over the edge in one blinding burst of savage
pleasure.
     Angelica let out one final howl of ecstasy and collapsed across the
girl.  Amy moaned softly, herself just bordering unconsciousness.  With
Angelica's final orgasm, the link between us was severed.  I lay there,
breathing heavily, feeling again as if I had sprinted a mile.  The room
was silent except for our heavy, exhausted breathing.
     Angelica was the first to stir.  "That was fantastic, my precious. 
You should only know how long it has been since I experienced anything
like that.  I knew there was something special about you that first
night.  Which is why I didn't kill you."
     She moved closer to me and pressed her mouth hard against mine. 
Reflexively, I responded.  Her tongue slipped past my lips to caress the
inside of my mouth.  Her hands stroked my face and hair, as she broke the
kiss.
     "Poor you, my precious.  All this work and still you have not found
release.  But we will rectify that soon, I promise.  Move back a bit and
I will get this whore ready for you.  Ready for the best fuck in her
sweet, short life."
     Still dazed, I did as instructed.  Angelica laid on top of Amy, her
head resting on the blond triangle of pubic hair.  She ran a hand along
the sopping wet slit, and was rewarded by Amy spreading her legs wider. 
She gently pulled the outer vaginal lips apart revealing the now deep
pink center.  Her head bent further downward as she pressed her mouth
against the wet flesh.
     Amy obviously enjoyed what Angelica was doing as she again began to
make soft cooing sounds.  But I couldn't see anything with Angelica's
head in the way.  I shifted my position on the bed in hopes of improving
my view.  But it didn't help.
     Sensing my dissatisfaction, Angelica raised her face from Amy's
center.  A teasing smile played on her face, slick with the girl's
secretions.  "Poor precious.  You can't see anything, can you?  And you
do get so turned on watching two women go at it, don't you?  All these
years, you've felt threatened by your girlfriend and her female lovers. 
When what you really wanted deep down was to watch, and maybe participate
as they made love.  Well tonight, you can do both.  Tonight and every
night from now on."
     Angelica grasped Amy's hips and rolled over sideways.  Amy was
forced to follow until their positions were reversed-- Amy on top with
Angelica underneath.  I felt a twinge of excitement in my groin as I
stared at Amy's firm buttocks and thighs.  Angelica prodded the girl to
move her hips, thus centering the sweet vagina above her face.
     "There, my precious.  Can you see better now?  Can you see my tongue
lick this sweet flesh, like this?  Can you see her hot center as I stick
my tongue in it, like this?  Listen to her.  Hear how she whimpers with
delight?  Does it turn you on?  Does it make you hot to watch me eat her
cunt?"
     It did.  My shaft was fully erect.  God, I could never remember
being as hard, or as hot as I was now, watching Angelica lick and suck
Amy's wet box.  This wasn't the mentally induced passion of earlier. 
This was pure, animal lust.  A primeval urge, free of civilized notions
of love and gentleness.  I wanted to fuck, had to fuck.
     All thoughts but one fled my conscious mind as I moved between Amy's
spread legs.  My hands roughly grasped her hips and pulled her backward
until my shaft pressed hard against her opening.  With one thrust, I
embedded myself deep inside her.  The tightness of her vaginal walls
sheathed my rampant rod like a tight pair of gloves.
     Amy cried out at the brutality of my action.  But I didn't care. 
Again and again I withdrew and slammed back in her tight, hot hole. 
Searing streams of burning liquid pleasure ran along my shaft to burst
deep within my scrotum each time I forced my way inside her.  My scrotum
constricted and I felt the first burning surge of climax build up inside
me.
     A voice intruded into my lust-filled world.  "NO!  Not yet, my
precious.  Control it.  Allow us to catch up first.  There is much more
pleasure in getting there.  And when we are all ready, it will be even
stronger, I promise.  Control it.  Don't let it end so quickly."
     I tried to ignore the voice.  I was so close.  But my concentration
had been broken and my movements faltered.  The break in the rhythm
caused the impending climax to recede.  And with it, the primeval single-
mindedness.  
     I felt a twinge of guilt over my actions.  I always prided myself on
being a gentle lover, not a brutish, selfish one.  My partner's satisfac-
tion was always my primary concern in any love-making session.  But here
I had forgotten Amy and her needs.  I had never acted like this before.
     I checked to see if Angelica had been tampering again with my
feelings.  But I could find no evidence that she had.  Why had I
responded the way I did?  Was this a side of my personality that I had
somehow managed to suppress over the years?  Or was it that I was somehow
being influenced By Angelica?  I didn't know the answers.  And wasn't all
that sure I wanted to know them, either.
     "Jesus," exclaimed Amy.  "I thought you were trying to split me in
two.  Hey, I like a good fuck as much as the next girl.  But I already
told you I'm not into the rough shit.  I think I've given both of you
your money's worth.  Maybe I should just split, and leave you two to your
fun and games."
     During my bout of self-analysis, my erection had deflated and
slipped from Amy's vagina.  I was tired.  And I wasn't all that inter-
ested any more.  Maybe now would be a good time to take the girl back to
her street corner.
     "Not just yet my sweet," Angelica said.  "We couldn't possibly let
you go.  Not while you're still unsatisfied."
     "No, I'm fine," Amy answered quickly.  "Really I am.  I can't
remember ever cumming as much as....  Oooooooohhhhhhhhh" she suddenly
moaned.
     I could sense Angelica as she manipulated Amy's sudden arousal. 
"Don't!" I protested.  "Let the girl alone.  Don't you think we've done
enough to her already?"
     "But she doesn't really want to leave us just yet.  And more
importantly, I don't want her to leave.  You have yet to fuck us, my
precious.  And sweet Amy here does so want you to fuck her.  Don't you
Amy?"
     "God yes.  I never felt this horny before.  Fuck me.  God fuck me!
Stick it in me again.  Please?"
     "And if I refused?" I challenged Angelica.
     "You are head-strong, aren't you?  Do you think I'd really give you
the choice?  Do I need to remind you of the pain?  Or of the lust I can
make you feel, with but the simplest thought?"
     I couldn't win.  She would have me do what she wanted whether I
agreed or not.  I saw no other choice but to do what she wanted.  And
hopefully, get it over with quickly.  Reluctantly, I grasped my limp
penis and tried to massage some life back into it.
     "My poor precious.  So much to have to deal with in one evening.
Here let me help you," Angelica offered as she lifted her head up between
Amy's legs and took my shaft between her lips.  Her tongue traced the
crown of my gland as her mouth gently sucked.
     At first I was sure there was no response left in me.  But I had
forgotten Angelica's ability.  As my shaft hardened within her mouth, I
sought evidence that she was manipulating me as she had Amy.  But there
was none.  I was responding simply to her expert oral ministrations.
     Once I was fully erect, Angelica released my shaft from her mouth.
Grasping it firmly in her hand, she guided me to Amy's slit.  Amy
urgently pressed back against me, forcing my shaft inside.  Now it was
she who slammed against me in her need.
     "Stop it," I snapped at Angelica.  "If I have to act as your stud,
at least let it be natural, without all this mind crap."
     "Afraid your pride will be hurt?" Angelica teased?  "Are you sure
you can do it without my help?"
     "Yes damn it.  Now let her act normally.  Or I'll do everything I
can to make sure you feel as little of it as possible."
     "As if we believed we could," Angelica replied, her hand reaching up
and squeezing my testicles.
     I squirmed in pain.  But I wasn't going to give in on this. "You may
be stronger than me.  But are you that much stronger that you can counter
my attacks, manipulate both of us, and still channel into yourself those
feelings you want so much?"  To prove my point, I drew out my pain and
redirected it to Angelica.  Angelica's eyes widened, and she let out a
small yelp.  I quickly shut down the link between us.  "Let the girl
alone.  And I promise you will feel everything you want, everything you
need."
     "I don't understand you," Angelica said softly, releasing her hold
on my testicles.  "You go to all this trouble for this little whore?  She
is nothing.  Just a lost soul with no place to go."
     "I mean it, Angelica.  Either allow this to happen naturally, or I
will fight you with every ounce of this hideous talent you have shown me
tonight."
     "Do as you will," Angelica said in disgust.  "Either way I will have
what I need tonight.  And you still have much to learn," she laughed
softly.
     I didn't understand her laughter.  But I did feel her withdraw her
influence from Amy.  Damn, I swore as I realized she had removed all
sexual arousal from the girl.  I could feel panic and anxiety flare in
the girl now that she was no longer under Angelica's control.  I sent
forth a mental touch to counter these feelings.  First I did what I could
to quite the girl's fears.  Then I redirected the anxiety until it was
more a physical yearning.  Lightly, I gave her level of arousal a gentle
push.
     "Very well done, my precious.  You do learn quickly.  Just imagine
what you could do once you've had more practice."
     I chose to ignore Angelica.  I started slowly to move in and out of
Amy's slit, carefully monitoring her feelings.  Once I was sure her fears
had vanished, and her physical arousal matched that of my doing, I
withdrew my control from hers.  Her feelings finally her own, her
reactions to my love-making appeared normal.
     Again I found her tightness extremely exciting.  I didn't know how
long she had been working the streets, but I suspected it couldn't have
been long.  Briefly, I wondered what had led her to this life.  I felt a
twinge of guilt flare inside me.  Instead of trying to help her, here I
was fucking the girl.
     My thoughts were shattered as Angelica flicked her tongue against my
shaft as it continued to slide in and out of Amy.  A shiver of pleasure
ran down my spine as Angelica's mouth slide along my rampant shaft to
where it entered Amy's vagina.  Amy moaned loudly as Angelica's tongue
lashed out against her clitoris.
     I grasped Amy's hips and increased my tempo.  As I looked down, the
sight of the girl's firm buttocks slamming against my pelvis only
increased my lust.  I could see Angelica's face beneath as she continued
to tease both of us with her mouth and tongue.  Dismayed, I felt the
beginnings of my eruption.
     "Not yet, precious.  Control it.  You said you could do this without
my assistance.  If you don't feel up to it, I can take over," Angelica
taunted.
     I reached down inside myself and give my level of arousal a small
tweak.  Damn too much, I swore as I felt my lust drastically diminish.  I
narrowed my control and gave another tweak.  There!  Satisfied that I
wasn't about to lose control, I returned my attention to the two women.
     Amy was near.  Her hips slamming against me as she strove for
release.  Angelica continued her oral attention to both my shaft and
Amy's clit.  She was being true to our agreement, allowing what happened
to occur naturally, without her mental interference.
     Time to do my part.  I reached down and drew Amy's pleasure to me. 
I felt a surge of lust in my loins.  Quickly, I made the necessary
adjustments and redirected the raw feelings toward Angelica.  I found the
added concentration necessary for this worked to my advantage as it kept
my own arousal in check.
     My shaft continued to piston in and out of Amy.  Angelica's mouth 
concentrated on Amy's clit.  The poor girl was going crazy.  "God, I feel
it," she groaned as she pressed back against me.  "Christ, I'm gonna cum
again."
     I felt her climax as it began to crest.  Again I channelled the raw
physical passions to Angelica as promised.  I could hear her moaning
uncontrollably now.  "Just a bit more, my precious.  God, please let it
happen.  I can feel it.  I can really feel it. AaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahHHHHHH!"
     The dam burst.  Both women cried out in ecstasy as Amy's climax
flooded the senses of all three of us.  I had all I could do to keep my
own climax from happening.  I had decided Amy deserved one more.
     Amy was sobbing as she rode wave after wave of her orgasm.  "I never
knew it could be like this...  God... I'm still cumming....  Ooooooohhhh,
it's like... like my insides are going crazy.  Can you feel it?  My
cunt's going crazy.  God, it feels good."
     I continued to slam into her.  Her vaginal walls spasmed fiercely as
her climax continued.  And as I mentally probed deep inside her, I could
feel the start of a second climax.  I decided the girl deserved something
extra special after all the shit we had put her through.  So I gave her
pending climax a boost.  If nothing else, she would never forget the
lovemaking tonight.
     Angelica felt what I did.  "Yes, precious.  Make the next one real
special.  This will be the final one for all of us."
     Each time my rampant shaft delved deep in Amy's slit, I could feel
Angelica's mouth as it sucked and licked the girl's clit.  I could no
longer concentrate on channelling to Angelica and controlling my own
orgasm.  I had never lasted this long before.  But now I was going to
enjoy myself.  I grasped Amy's buttocks and lifted her so I could
penetrate her more deeply.
     The room filled with our moans as we all raced toward the finish
line.  Sweat dripped from my face.  My lungs strained to fill with air. 
I could feel my climax building deep within my scrotum.  I check on Amy
and saw she was just about ready to explode.
     A few more strokes were all I could manage before my climax erupted. 
I reached down inside of Amy and shoved her over the edge.  As she came
again, I lost all control.  I swore my insides were erupting as spurt
after spurt of hot cum exploded from my shaft.  Amy went bananas as her
orgasm tore through her body.  My hips moved with increasing speed as I
tried to keep up with her.  Briefly, I wondered how Angelica was doing
beneath us.  She certainly had to be taking a beating with Amy's wild
gyrations.
     Suddenly Amy's movement stilled.  I was too lost in my own pleasure
to notice.  Then I felt an icy cold stab of pain.  I grabbed my chest
where Angelica had left her mark twice before.  And as had happened each
time before, the pain was quickly replaced with that same warm pleasant
feeling.  It took a few seconds before I realized I wasn't experiencing
these sensations myself.  I was in fact feeling what Amy was going
through.
     I quickly extracted myself from Amy's vagina.  Looking down, I saw
Angelica had again transformed into the monster that was her true self. 
She had bitten deep into Amy's thigh, tapping an artery.  I knelt there
dumbstruck as I watched my fallen angel suck the life's blood from the
girl.  And again my entire body was consumed by the most exquisite raw
physical pleasure I had ever known.  Every nerve ending in my body
screamed in ecstasy as the world collapsed inward driving me into utter
blackness.

                      

     The sun had set about an hour ago.  I stood outside my old apartment
building, gazing up at what used to be my bedroom window.  I wondered how
Ellie was doing.  Whether she had found someone else, some one who wasn't
as selfish or as prideful as I had been.  I wanted so much to see her one
last time.  To hold her, to make love to her.  To tell her how much I
loved her.  But that was not to be.  Ever!
     Had it only been two weeks ago we had that silly argument?  Only two
weeks since I was first introduced to Hell by my fallen Angel?  My
beautiful, sensuous Angelica, the vampire.  My own personal Lillith,
tempting me to further and deeper degradation.
     I remember that first night with the young prostitute.  What was her
name?  Alice?  Annie?  What did it matter.  She was dead.  Just like all
the others.  Dead and used.  Used to appease Angelica's sexual lust.  And
then for Angelica's blood lust.
     I still didn't fully understand why I was alive.  Or why Angelica
hadn't killed me that first night like she has all the others.  Somehow I
was cursed with a talent.  And Angelica discovered that talent and bent
it to her needs.
     Angelica could control people to a certain extent.  A kind of
hypnosis that she could exert over someone very near.  She could make you
feel what she wanted.  She had greater control over you once she had bit
you, drank deeply of your blood.  She fed on human blood.  Without it,
she could not survive.  But she also fed on the feelings-- the pain, the
pleasure, the happiness and the horror.   She could feel none of these
things first hand.
     Until she discovered my little talent.  I could make her feel all
these and more.  She craved these feelings as much as she craved the
blood.  And she used my talent and me each night to satisfy her cravings
for both.  She only took a little of my blood each night.  I suspect to
maintain her control over me.  The true blood lust she satisfied with
whatever poor soul we picked up for the night.
     But the craving for feelings, physical as well as emotional, she
used me as much as the victim.   The first few nights were almost purely
sexual in nature.  But she wasn't satisfied with just that.  She wanted
to feel the whole spectrum of human feelings once again.  Pain, fear,
terror, revulsion, sadness, happiness and even hatred.  A shudder ran
down my spine as I remembered the things we had done.
     I wanted to blame my participation in these horrors on Angelica and
her control.  But I wasn't sure it had all been her doing.  Somewhere
deep inside me was this dark, vile creature who ventured forth under
Angelica's guidance.  I was becoming more like her everyday.
     I no longer lived in sunlight, preferring the serenity of night. 
Angelica still insisted I choose the evening's playmate.  I find myself
eagerly looking forward to a night of debauchery with each new victim. I
had even caught myself, once, wanting to sample the rich, sweet, warm
blood that dripped down Angelica's chin after she had finished with one
of her victims.
     I remember asking Angelica about how vampires are made.   Wasn't she
afraid that her victims would come back as new vampires?  She simply
laughed, saying the dead ones were no threat.   Rather it was those the
vampire had bitten and still allowed to live.
     So I stand out here, bidding goodbye to the woman I love.  For now I
must go, never to return.  I have a long journey ahead of me as my fallen
angel and I travel the depths of Hell.
