

                                 Sally And Duke
                                   Chapter 1

      I wonder why it is, Sally Denham thought quizzically to herself, that
nothing in life ever turns out quite the way you think it will?  Take me, for
instance, a born and bred New Englander -- what am I doing in Quiggville,
Tennessee?  I'm not even sure I like the South (perhaps 'approve of' was more
the term), yet here I am practically committed to spending the rest of my life
here!  Once Ray gets his partnership we'll be committed for sure.

      Funny, how the expression had slipped into both their vocabularies so
that one or the other of them seemed to use it several times a day.  Once we
get the partnership.  Will our lives really change so radically, and for the
better, when the magic day comes?  As a matter of black and white practicality
they would. We know what the drugstore grosses every year, and the net.  Half
that net will be ours... not just a salary.  A salary that was far too low
considering what pharmacists were making elsewhere, even taking into account
that this apartment over the store was thrown in free of rent and utilities.
Ray, of course, wouldn't see that he could be making twice as much in Knoxville
or Nashville, or anywhere else in the country.  And as Sally pointed out, that
they could save the necessary capital twice as fast.

      "But then I wouldn't get this chance, the option that I have by working
here!"

      "Do you mean an option in writing, like on a piece of property?" Sally's
pretty brow wrinkled slightly.

      "No, not an option in the literal sense.  I meant the agreement between
me and John Blodgett that I can come in as a full partner."

      "And you have only his word on that?" the tiny furrows creased deeper and
her clear grey eyes were disturbed, "No witnesses or anything?"

      "Honey, that's the way business is done in small Southern towns... just
by sort of talking things over.  When the time comes, we'll draw up some kind
of agreement.  You have to remember that things are slow-paced here."

      She would grant that.  Things were snail-paced in Quiggville, in fact,
and if it wasn't for the appointments of her piano pupils she often would not
know what day of the week it was.  Yet to see Ray so happy and absorbed in his
work was worth it all, she felt. Traditionally a wife was the helpmate of her
husband and should make the sacrifices and endure the necessary hardships to
give him his start.

      When they had met on the campus, Ray had made his prospects clear from
the very beginning.  His parents were dirt-poor farmers from the mountain area
of Tennessee and he was attending school through a scholarship and money he had
saved while in the army. Sally was not wealthy by any means, but certainly
better off financially and in family background.  They had married during their
senior year and moved to Quiggville right after graduation. Ray had been
recruited with glowing promises by John Blodgett... he needed a pharmacist
immediately; the old man who had the job had died and the local residents had
to go ten miles to the county seat to have prescriptions filled.  In answer to
Ray's questions about a share in the business he said he would be willing to
take in a partner as soon as Ray could raise "a little cash to bind the deal"
as he was occupied with other business interests and did not like to work in
the store himself.

      Sally never forgot her first look at Quiggville.  It was little more than
a crossroads, actually, with a square in the center of town where the roads
met.  The important stores and churches were located on the square, with a
grassy park and the Confederate monument in the center.  Stretching beyond that
were a few blocks of houses in each direction along the shady quiet streets...
and then the shabby, haphazardly-placed houses of the black people.  A
half-mile out of town was a new subdivision of rambling brick homes where the
younger business and professional people lived and entertained each other with
rounds of barbecues and cocktail parties.

      The social position of the Denhams was not yet clearly defined.  Ray had
joined the Jaycees and Sally had been invited to some women's meetings, but
they were not really "in", another fact which she found galling.  Of course it
was difficult to accept invitations or to entertain because of the long hours
Ray worked and their shabby old apartment.  Sally had painted and done a lot of
fixing, but it was still dreary and depressing with its old-fashioned high
ceilings and antiquated plumbing fixtures.

      When they got the partnership they would buy a lot in Hickory Acres --
their credit would be good then for a home building loan from the local bank.
And they could afford to have a baby.

      If we're still sleeping together, she said to herself.  Oh, God, what
makes me think of things like that?  Of course we'll be sleeping together...
we're husband and wife, and that's one of the most important things about
marriage, isn't it?  Yet after a year and a half together, the inexorable truth
was that their sexual relationship was getting worse, not better.  Since they
had settled into the routine of their life in Quiggville, particularly, Ray
initiated the sexual act less and less frequently.  Sally never made advances
to him, of course; she felt that was the man's prerogative and in any case her
own sex drive seemed to be rather low... she could live with or without it...
actually it was just a little bit distasteful to her, the whole messy thing.
But she did worry about Ray's satisfaction and whether it was normal for him to
so often be too tired or preoccupied.

      Just last Sunday afternoon there had been a peculiar episode. She had
been washing the lunch dishes while Ray sat in the living room reading the
paper.  Sally had not heard him enter the kitchen until the moment when he
seized her around the waist.  Of course she screamed and then laughed and they
stood there together for a moment.  Then Ray's hands had slipped upward to cup
her firmly rounded breasts and she felt his lips nuzzling the back of her neck
as he squeezed and kneaded the pliant, resilient flesh under his fingers.  It
wasn't that she didn't like to be caressed in that way, but her hands were wet
and soapy and she didn't want to ruin his clean shirt... they were going for a
drive as soon as she finished the dishes.

      So she had continued with her work and acknowledged his presence only
with a brief affectionate smile tossed over her shoulder at her young husband.
He had kept his hands on her breasts and pressed closer behind her until she
was wedged firmly between his body and the sink and his loins were up tight
against the ample spheres of her buttocks.  Suddenly she was uncomfortably
aware that Ray had an erection and the hard throbbing bulk of his penis was
pressing into the crevice at the end of her spine. Perversely, her only
reaction was annoyance.

      Why on earth, at such an inappropriate time?  A peaceful Sunday afternoon
and they were almost ready to go out.  She set the last saucepan in the drain
and pulled the plug, still pretending not to notice Ray's obvious arousal
although his penis was now digging into her to the point of widening the split
between the two soft fleshy cheeks of her buttocks.  His hands slipped from her
taut-stretched nipples and began to work up under her apron, massaging her flat
little belly while from the rear he slowly rubbed his loins against her with
insinuating pressure.

      "Sally," his warm breath stirred in her left car, "let's go in the
bedroom, honey!"

      "Oh, Ray..." she protested gently, "here I've been hurrying to get ready
while you read the paper, and now you want to fool around."

      "Who's fooling around?  I mean business, -- I'm horny as hell!"

      "Ray!" she hated that vulgar expression.  "I just don't understand why --
I mean, of all times," it was difficult to hold her voice steady when his
fingers had reached her pubic mound and were moving over the sensitive area in
a slowly rotating motion that despite her annoyance was making her feel
curiously weak and warm up between her legs.  At that moment the wall telephone
rang.

      "Damn it to hell!" her husband cursed with surprising ferocity.

      Sally twisted in his grip, "A -- aren't you going to answer it?"

      He shook his head and resumed his lewd probing of his wife's trembling
loins.  "It's my day off."

      "But it may be a customer needing a prescription."

      The phone kept on ringing insistently as the young couple stood there
locked in an obscene embrace with Ray's hand thrust up between his wife's legs.
Then, abruptly -- almost roughly -- he released her and pushed her away as he
moved to snatch the telephone receiver.

      It was a customer, a heart patient, who had just discovered he was out of
the digitalis pills he must take daily.

      "All right," Ray said wearily, "Come down to the store in about fifteen
minutes.  No -- no free delivery nights or Sundays, only during regular store
hours.  You can send a taxi if you don't feel like coming yourself, Mr.
Pickett."

      Sally was already busy drying her hands.  "We could drop the pills off...
we'll be out in the car anyway," she whispered to Ray, but he was already
hanging up.  She carefully avoided looking at the front of his slacks where she
knew the tell-tale bulge still pushed out the fly in an incongruous manner.  He
was glaring coldly at her.

      "Be damned if we will.  If he took his last pill yesterday, why couldn't
he come in then for a refill?  Because he enjoys making a big emergency deal
out of it!"  He strode angrily out of the room and she heard him go noisily
down the stairs to open the drug store.

      Poor dear, he'd been working entirely too many hours, and should at least
have one day of rest in the week.  It seemed so unfair that John Blodgett
should reap all the profits of the drug store when he did nothing more than go
over the books occasionally, while Ray was on his feet from nine to six with an
additional three hours on Friday night.  And nearly every evening there was a
call for a rush prescription, usually a child suddenly taken sick.  There was
of course Minnie, the efficient spinster who clerked in the front of the store
and supervised the moronic teenagers who came and went at the soda fountain.
But the burden of the purchasing and inventory, as well as the busy pharmacy
department, fell on Ray.

      When they finally did set out in their old hardtop, however, his usual
good humor seemed to have returned.  They had long since explored every road
leading out of Quiggville, for these rides were their chief recreational
outlet, but still it was interesting to observe the countryside at different
seasons of the year.  The spring was Sally's favorite time... it was so much
more lush than a New England spring and came a full two months earlier.  Now,
at the end of a dry summer, there seemed to be a dusty haze in the air and a
sleepiness had settled over the scorching red-clay fields.

      They drove first to Hickory Acres to inspect the newly-staked-out lots in
the undeveloped portion of the subdivision.

      "Someone's bought the corner one," she touched her husband's arm and
pointed to the sign which was slashed diagonally by a bright yellow strip
bearing the letters SOLD.

      "Yeah... so I see.  But that's the only one.  They're not moving so fast,
what with the recession..." Ray was careful not to voice their unspoken fear
that the lot of their choice might be purchased by someone else first.  They
got out of the car and went through the ritual of pacing off where the house
would sit and where the front door would be.

      The rest of the day Sally remembered had gone quite smoothly. They had a
light supper and spent the evening watching TV.  When the late news came on
Sally had gone ahead and showered as she liked her shower or bath at night
whereas Ray preferred one in the morning.  When he came into the bedroom she
was already in bed, with only the sheet pulled over her.  In her fresh cotton
baby-doll nightie she looked like a child, except for the outline of her high
curving breasts that protruded provocatively over the fold of the sheet and
faint dip of the "vee" between her legs where the light material bunched.

      Ray stripped in a rapid, business-like way and stood naked beside her for
a few seconds; he never wore pajamas... it was a habit she simply could not
talk him out of.  In the brief interval before his hand touched the light
switch and plunged the room into darkness, Sally's wide grey eyes rested
lovingly on his tall, lanky form.  She did love every inch of him, from the
black hair that had a habit of falling over his right eye, to his big-boned
hands that could be so gentle, right down to his size twelve feet! (In her
mental inventory, Sally passed hurriedly over her husband's genitals which now
hung down flaccidly between his hairy legs but were still impressive in their
proportions.)

      She snuggled closer to him as he climbed into the bed and stretched out
beside her, almost positive that they would make love tonight since he had been
so eager for sex that afternoon. She was determined to try very hard to enjoy
the act this time... yes, even the last of it when he filled her with his
messy, sticky cum!

      But Ray seemed to have entirely forgotten about the incident and
apparently sex was not on his mind tonight.  He lay on his back for a few
moments, then rolled over with an affectionate pat delivered to her backside.
"G'night, honey."

      "G-goodnight, darling," she whispered back timidly.  She felt surprised
and oddly tense as she lay there beside his warm naked body and almost wanted
to reach over and stroke him or somehow indicate her willingness.  She didn't
want to make any brazen announcement, however, and after a while she knew by
his slow deep breathing that Ray had fallen asleep.

      She really couldn't imagine why she was dwelling on the events of last
Sunday... except it seemed to mark some kind of turning point in their
deteriorating sexual relationship, as though her rejection that afternoon had
really discouraged her husband.  But that was absurd, they were still
practically newlyweds and only needed time to make these adjustments and solve
whatever problems had arisen.  It wasn't a problem in as far as she was
concerned... although she found sex disappointing and not very enjoyable at
best, she would go through with it a reasonable amount of times for Ray's sake.
She and Ray might have different temperaments, but each respected the other's
desires and interests.  For instance, Ray had not wanted her to give up her
music and had bought an old upright piano for her to practice on and to
instruct her half-dozen pupils.  Why, Lord, she had a pupil coming for a lesson
in twenty minutes, and here she was sitting around daydreaming!  She began to
move automatically around the living room, straightening up.

      In the drugstore below, Ray Denham had for once caught up on the list of
prescriptions to be filled and they sat along the counter in a neat row while
he worked on the wholesale orders at the old-fashioned desk.  Suddenly he heard
a gravely southern accent from the front of the store and recognized it
immediately as John Blodgett's voice.

      "How 'do, Miss Minnie!  You doin' all right?" and then without waiting
for her answer, "Good, good!"

      Blodgett breezed by the soda fountain with a lecherous wink at the clerk,
"Honey, bring me and Mister Denham some cokes with lots of ice, child, lots of
ice."

      He eased his considerable bulk behind the prescription counter, "Hi
there, Ray -- you doin' all right?"

      "Just fine, John," Ray said placidly, in the knowledge that business was
good and getting steadily better.  He pulled up a chair for the older man.
Blodgett was sweating, staining his immaculate light blue sports shirt, and he
took out a handkerchief and passed it over his ruddy face and thick shock of
graying hair. He was a handsome man of about fifty, beginning to show
unmistakable signs of overindulgence in good food and drink but still fit and
powerful looking.

      "Another hot one," he sighed.  "We sure do need some rain awful bad.  All
my sweet corn is just dryin' up... just parchin' under that sun."

      "Is that what you raise out there, corn?" Ray asked, waiting for his boss
to come around to the purpose of his visit.

      "Oh, I raise a little bit of this and that.  Main thing, course, is my
beef cattle.  I'm just a gentleman farmer, and I guess that's a good thing,
because it's hard to make money at farming these days."

      The girl appeared with two large cokes and Blodgett nudged Ray's elbow.
"Look at that," he said in a husky undertone, "Just look at that sweet little
ass on that child!"  It was true that the girl's nylon mini uniform barely
cleared her tender, youthful buttocks.  Ray had actually been too busy to
notice her nubile figure before.  Blodgett opened the lower desk drawer and
brought out a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey he kept there.  He added a
generous slug of the amber liquid to each coke.

      "Course you got yourself something a lot nicer than that right upstairs,"
he continued in an aggrieved tone, "Why, man, you're practically still on your
honeymoon.  But when you get to be my age you sure will appreciate those cute,
raunchy little teenagers, let me tell you!" he pushed one of the drinks toward
Ray.

      "I don't like to drink in the store," Ray said doubtfully as he picked it
up.  "You know -- old ladies come in and smell it on your breath, they spread
it all over town that you've taken to drink."

      "You're a smart man, Ray," John Blodgett said admiringly. "Yes sir,
always lookin' ahead... a damn smart man.  You know, I just got the bad news
the other day that I'm gonna have to cut down on the brew myself.  Yep, just
found out that my blood pressure's gone sky-high.  Old Doc wasn't one bit
encouraging... said I'm headed straight for a heart attack if I don't slow down
and take things easy.  Fact is, that's why I stopped by."

      Ray Denham had a sudden premonition that something might be wrong, just
from the way Blodgett's guileless blue eyes were roving over the shelves of
pharmaceuticals and avoiding his face.

      "It looks like I have to think about retiring long before I'm
sixty-five," the older man continued, "or sort of semi-retiring... I'm only
going to keep hold of the properties that'll work for me without me working on
them... see what I mean?"

      Ray shook his head and waited to hear what was coming next.

      "No, I reckon you don't.  Well, take this store, for instance.  Since you
took over it runs pretty smooth, I certainly got to admit that, but there's
still the bookkeeping and figuring the taxes.  I want to get shut of it.
Instead of taking in a partner, I've decided to sell out, Ray -- the whole
works."

      There was a moment of absolute silence.  Then Ray took a hefty swallow of
the sweet, whiskey-laced cola.  "T-the building, too?"  Blodgett's stunning
announcement had caught him so suddenly that it was taking him several seconds
to assimilate the knowledge and what it would mean for him.

      "Oh, not the building.  You won't catch me selling a piece of prime real
estate that's right on the square.  No, I mean the inventory, all the fixtures,
the good will... everything that's inside these four walls.  Then I'll give the
buyer a long-term lease..." he smiled at Ray, "You know, I was really lookin'
forward to us working as partners... carrying out your ideas for remodeling...
but when I got the word from Doc I knew I just had to think of my health first.
And there's Lauralee -- I don't want to up and die and leave her a widow."

      "Yes... sure," Ray said, his mind going inevitably to Sally's worried
questions, nothing in writing?  You only have his word for it?  He felt
curiously light and hollow, as if the support had been knocked out of him.  How
could he tell her?  How could he ever tell Sally?

      "Have you, uh," he cleared his throat, "Have you set a price?"

      Blodgett settled himself firmly in the wooden chair and tilted the
creaking piece of furniture back on two legs.  "Well," he crunched the ice from
his drink loudly between his teeth, "I'm thinking in the neighborhood of fifty
thousand, Ray."

      "F-fifty?"

      "Think about the inventory.  You know yourself what's sitting here in the
inventory."

      Ray knew.  He also knew that much of it, including the last big drug
order, was not paid for yet.  Still -- perhaps it was a fair price.  Although
it seemed an astronomical sum, especially since Blodgett had promised to make
him a partner as soon as he had $5000.  By putting $200 in the bank every
month, he had already saved $2800, he was more than halfway there... but now he
wondered whether Blodgett would have held to the bargain, after all?  "B-but,
John, over the next few years your profits from the store will be much more
than that.  I can run everything -- you wouldn't have to spend any time here at
all unless you wanted to."

      "There's something in what you say," the big man admitted, "Only the
thing is, Ray, that I'll be spending my winters in Florida from now on...
buyin' myself one of these condominium apartments right on the beach, and me
and Lauralee are fixin' to go down there just as soon as I get everything
straightened out here.  Now those apartments cost a heap of money and I got to
raise some cash... ever'body thinks I'm a real rich son of a bitch... I don't
complain, but the fact is it's all tied up in real estate.  Naturally we
couldn't sell the farm -- it's the old Quigg place, belonged to Lauralee's
folks since God knows when -- and we'll live there summers or whenever we take
a notion to come back to town.  And like I already said, I don't want to part
with any property in the business district.  'Bout the only thing left is this
drugstore."

      "I see," Ray nodded, trying to control his wildly spiraling doubts and
thoughts, "How much -- how much time will I have, in case I could maybe make
some kind of deal to buy the place?"

      "That would please me very much, if you see yourself in a position to
buy.  Well, I hope to get down there to Florida around the first of November...
so that leaves about two months.  I, uh, I already had one offer, Ray, and they
agreed to meet that price I mentioned.  I won't say who the offer was from, but
it's a big chain of discount drugstores."

      As Blodgett sipped his drink and continued to unfold the story, Ray
Denham felt a rising anger that blotted out caution and made calm speech
impossible.  "Look here, John," he pointed out, "You know I graduated at the
top of my class.  I had my choice of jobs and this was the lowest-paid of all,
but I took it, for just one reason.  I wanted to own my own business, and
that's what you promised me -- and I thought you'd be as good as your word!"

      "Now hold on, son..." Blodgett tried to protest, but Ray plunged wildly
on, raising his voice so that he could be heard throughout the store.

      "Now you tell me that you've been dealing behind my back to sell the
business right out from under me!  Why, I don't think you ever had any
intention of keeping our agreement; you just wanted to hire a cheap
pharmacist!"

      "That's enough, Ray," Blodgett's voice was still mild, but his pale blue
eyes glittered with a cold light and his florid face had reddened to a deeper
shade.  He stood up.  "You better simmer down before you say something you're
going to regret later on.  I know you're disappointed and I'm not sayin' you
don't have maybe some right to be.  But I had no way of knowing my health was
going to fold up on me, so to speak.  Why, when I brought you down here I was
lookin' forward to us running the store for years to come, and I'll be very
happy if you can raise the money to buy me out. You're well thought of here in
Quiggville... you and your little wife... and if I was you I wouldn't want to
spoil that reputation by gettin' all hotheaded.  I'll be talking to you later."

      He turned on his heel and strolled through the store in a leisurely
manner as if they had discussed nothing more important than the weather.  Ray
stared after the retreating figure, his fists clenched unconsciously, until
Blodgett passed through the front door.  Then he reached for the bottle of
whiskey, poured a double shot into his coke, tilted his head back and drank.

      He was thankful for the sound of the faltering piano notes that could be
faintly heard from upstairs... Sally had a pupil... he could postpone giving
her the news at least for a little while.  He didn't have to tell her at all
today, of course, but he knew that he would.  As much as he loved Sally, he
wondered if it would have been better to wait a few years before marrying.  A
man had no business getting married before he was making a good income and
could provide the things girls had come to expect.  Why should Sally be
penalized... not able to have a modern house with nice furniture and the latest
appliances... or pretty new clothes? They'd never even had a real honeymoon, a
thing which Ray bitterly regretted most of all.  Because maybe their sex life
would have gotten off to a better start if he had been able to take his
inexperienced young bride to some romantic, relaxing spot for the first few
nights.  Instead of staying in some plush hotel or motel with a pool, they'd
moved directly into a grubby little campus apartment that was as bad as the one
they lived in now.  Her folks had been very upset... they'd wanted the couple
to wait at least until graduation... they hadn't given Sally any presents or
any financial help at all except paying her college fees for the rest of the
year.  No, they hadn't wanted their daughter to throw herself away on some
no-account southerner!

      It seemed ironic now that the quality about Sally which had first
attracted him to her was a sort of coolness about her... something that said
"don't touch me."  He was sure that Sally was one of the very few virgins on
the campus, which had indeed proved to be the case.  Fiercely proud as he was,
it was important to Ray that his wife should be a woman whom no other man
besides himself had ever possessed... or ever would possess!

      Once they were married, though, he had looked for a change in her
standoffish attitude.  He knew she loved him and had been eager to marry as
soon as possible.  He had mistakenly believed she was just as eager for the
physical side of marriage, but from the first night, sex had been a fiasco...
his bride seemed to turn into a lump of ice under him.  Maybe it took more time
than he'd realized, especially for a girl brought up in a very conventional
manner as Sally had been.

      Absently, he carried the empty cola cups out to the soda fountain.  The
girl reached out to take them, tossing the paper liners into the trash can and
stacking the gleaming metal bases expertly on a shelf.  "Something else for
you, Mr. Denham?" she inquired solicitously, her made-up dark eyes bright with
curiosity.  No doubt she'd overheard the row with John Blodgett.

      "Uh, no... thanks," he stared at her.  God, he couldn't even remember the
little tart's name; she was new... long black hair fixed into an elaborately
artificial set and a long slender body that seemed far too mature for her
sixteen or so years.  Ray ran his suddenly dry tongue around his mouth... it
must be the whiskey... sweet little ass, Blodgett had said...  Christ, it was a
beautiful ass, perfectly outlined by the electrically clinging nylon fabric...
and all at once he found himself wondering what it would be like to rip the
skimpy uniform off the girl... spread her legs out.

      Drops of sweat beaded on Ray's brow.  Yes, how would it feel to ram his
cock into that soft little belly?  Christ, he groaned inwardly, how could he
think of such things when he had a beautiful young wife upstairs at this very
moment?  He hadn't so much as looked at another girl since he married Sally.

      Yet as he stood there in confusion, he was uncomfortably aware that his
cock had in mere seconds responded to his lewd thoughts about the soda fountain
waitress and it was now lying heavily against his stomach, fully erect. Turning
hastily, he retreated to the prescription department.  God, what would happen
to his "good name" in this town if he started making passes at his clerks?  As
he sat there staring blankly at the forgotten list for the wholesale house,
Miss Minnie suddenly entered the little cubicle, her face flushed with
excitement.  "Mr. Denham!" she blurted, "He's going to sell the store, isn't
he?"

      "I -- " obviously she knew something was up, so why evade her question?
"That's what he's talking about, yes."

      "I knew it!  I knew the other day that something was wrong. Mr. Blodgett
brought some men from Memphis in, they was going all over everything... asking
questions."

      "When was that?" Ray inquired.

      "Well, you wasn't here.  Must have been the day you were in the city.
See, he made sure to bring 'em when you wouldn't be around!"

      "Look," Ray said, "I'm sure it's as much of a shock to you as it is to
me, Miss Minnie.  More, because you've worked here a lot longer than I have.
But I don't think you have anything to worry about.  Whoever the -- the new
owner is, he'll need employees, and there's no one who knows the store like you
do."

      "Mmmhmm... and what about you, Mr. Denham?"

      He shrugged unhappily.  "I don't know.  We'll just have to see.  If I
can't get at least part ownership, then I don't want to work for someone else.
I can do that anywhere, for a hell of a lot more money!"

      When Ray came upstairs that night, a half hour after closing time, Sally
sensed immediately that something was wrong.  It was in the defeated slump of
his shoulders and the bleak gloominess of his face.  But she said nothing,
waiting for him to tell her about it.  She had fixed him a good dinner for the
hot weather... cold sliced ham, snap beans, macaroni salad and cornbread. Sally
was proud that she was learning to cook in the southern way.

      But her husband only picked at the tempting food she loaded on his plate,
and halfway through the tense meal he suddenly laid his fork down and announced
to her, "Blodgett's selling the drugstore -- to a discount chain."

      "W-what?" Sally stammered, her heart plummeting, "But he can't do that,
Ray!  Where did you hear it?"

      When he told her she kept on shaking her head in disbelief, "I just can't
understand how he could do such a thing."  She pushed her chair back abruptly
and came around to her husband's side, taking him in her arms and holding him
protectively against her warm body as if she were comforting a child, "Don't
you care, Ray!" she said fiercely, "Don't you worry about it for one minute.
Oooh, I never trusted him -- that smooth-talking old hypocrite!"

      She meant to soften the blow, to bolster his crushed feelings.
Unfortunately, her action and choice of words only brought home to Ray more
strongly his feeling of failure.  The husband should be the one to comfort the
wife and shield her from life's harsh realities -- not the other way around.
And then to rub salt in his wounds she had to say that she had seen through
John Blodgett all the time whereas he had been taken in by the glowing
promises.

      In fact, Sally's thoughts were racing rapidly into the future... her only
sorrow was for Ray.  Why, it wasn't the worst thing that could have happened,
after all.  They had money in the bank... now they could leave Quiggville and
make a whole new start somewhere else... somewhere more lively and stimulating.
But one glimpse at the desperately unhappy face of her husband sent these
hopeful thoughts crashing into limbo.  Ray had to make it here, he had to prove
himself in exactly the way that he had set out to do.

      "Darling," she said gently, "maybe we can buy the store.  I mean how do
we know unless we try?  It is a lot of money, but everyone here knows you...
Mr. Quigg at the bank is John Blodgett's brother-in-law, you know.  I'm sure
he'd consider loaning you the money...  Mr. Blodgett could talk to him... why,
everyone in town likes you!"

      "That isn't exactly security for fifty thousand bucks," he pointed out
grimly, "But... you're right, I guess.  It won't do any harm to ask -- we've
got to know where we stand."

      Ray did not fall asleep easily that night, but Sally lay awake long after
he finally dropped off.  It seemed that the crisis had awakened all her
instincts... she was prepared to fight for her man, to do anything to insure
that he got what he wanted.  She believed she had an idea... although she'd
never been able to bring herself to completely trust Mr. Blodgett, she must
admit that his manner toward her had always been extremely courteous and
friendly.  In fact, he had treated her with real old-fashioned southern
politeness and had been very solicitous about whether she was happily settled
in Quiggville and liked his community.

      Somehow she felt that... well, that she might have more influence with
him than Ray would.  Ray was apt to get hotheaded, as he admitted he had this
afternoon.  If only he hadn't really alienated John Blodgett, perhaps she could
persuade him to change his mind about selling out, or at the very least enlist
his aid in getting them a loan.  He would not be so bluntly business-like with
a woman, she felt, and she did not mind begging for Ray's sake.  Yes, she must
manage to see John Blodgett alone, and without Ray's knowledge of the meeting.
God, Ray would kill her if he even guessed what she was thinking!

                                  *    *    *

      Arranging to see her husband's boss was not so easy, however, Sally
Denham found.  He did maintain an office over the bank, but it was a sort of
dummy office.  There was no secretary and you could never tell when Blodgett
himself would be there.  Sally took to watching the square from her front
windows for a glimpse of the tobacco-colored station wagon that he drove.

      Meanwhile she tried to persuade Ray that it would not do to present their
case too hastily at the bank, they must be organized with all the figures on
the store's volume of business, show that Ray was a capable administrator.  Her
poor darling had been going around like a zombie ever since that day he found
out about the sale of the store.  She just couldn't understand why it meant so
much to him... after all, he was a young man, only twenty-six... how could
anyone be a failure at twenty-six?  She supposed it had something to do with
being poor as a child... wanting something other than farming... no doubt the
business people with whom Ray's family had to deal, and beg credit from, had
seemed to a child like the very pillars of the economy or something.  Her own
father, a moderately successful salesman, had never worried about working for
others, but Ray had this craving, this obsession, to be his own boss.

      On Friday afternoon before the Labor Day weekend she at last saw the
brown station wagon parked opposite the bank and knew that here was her
opportunity.  At first she thought of telephoning to ask for an appointment,
but she nervously dropped the phone back on the cradle after dialing three
numbers.  She hurried into the bedroom, unzipping her dress as she walked, and
let it fall to the floor.  She selected a sheer pale yellow dress that seemed
ladylike and fresh, though a trifle short.  Then she released her long
ash-brown hair from its pony tail and hastily brushed it down over her
shoulders.  She realized that this made her look younger... perhaps, she
thought, surveying herself in the mirror, she had gotten a trifle heavier since
marriage, although it certainly had not harmed her looks.  It only made the
dress cling faithfully to every curving high-point of her figure.  On the
hanger it had seemed so demure and simple, but now when it was stretched over
her high thrusting breasts and caressing her soft fluid hipline, the dress was
almost blatantly sexy.  It would do nicely, she thought, for the purpose of
charming John Blodgett onto their side.  She hastily buckled on white sandals,
dabbed a touch of lipstick on her small, prettily curved mouth and picked up
her purse.

      She hurried down the stairs and out of their private entrance which
fortunately did not open into the drugstore.  God, it was hot... she would be
perspiring before she had crossed the square! One of the things Sally disliked
about Quiggville was that everyone knew your business, since everyone's
business was transacted on the square -- bank, doctor's office, finance company
or whatever.  Hopefully she would not be observed entering the side door that
led to the rooms over the bank, although of course she had a perfect right to
go there if she wished.  She reached the entrance without meeting anyone she
knew and let herself into the gloomy hallway.  The sagging old oiled wood
stairs creaked beneath her light tread.

      John Blodgett's office door stood open.  Evidently he had been looking
for something, as his desk was strewn with papers. As Sally reached his doorway
he looked up, face blank for only a second.  Then he smiled in welcome.

      "Why, hi there, Miz Denham!  You doin' all right?"

      "Fine, thank you," she acknowledged, all her courage abruptly deserting
her.

      "Well, just come right in.  You, uh, lookin' for me?"

      "Yes, if you're not busy, I would like to talk with you for a few
minutes."  As she moved toward the chair he indicated, Sally nearly tripped
over a big black and tan German Shepherd that had been completely concealed by
the desk.  "Oh!" she exclaimed nervously, and the animal raised its head and
regarded her alertly although not otherwise moving from its reclining position.

      "That's just Duke," Blodgett chuckled, "You 'fraid of dogs, Miz Denham?"

      "N-no, I love dogs," she laughed self-consciously, "He startled me,
that's all."  She reached down to stroke the dog's glossy head.  She had seen
the magnificent animal before, usually looking out the rear window of the
station wagon.  Sally crossed her shapely bare legs and folded her hands
demurely in her lap, looking directly into the ruddy, handsome face of her
husband's boss.

      "Mr. Blodgett, Ray -- Ray and I are very disappointed about your decision
to sell the drugstore.  That's what I want to talk to you about.  Ray doesn't
know that I'm here... it was entirely my own idea to come... s-so I hope you
won't say anything to him about it."

      "Well, now, is that a good idea, for a nice little wife to keep secrets
from her husband?" he drawled, but from his understanding smile Sally knew he
was only teasing her.  In fact, his easy-going informality was putting her more
and more at ease, so she plunged on.

      "No, of course it isn't, but I guess wives have always, interfered a
little bit... when they thought it was necessary. You see, I understand my
husband so much better than anyone else does.  He's very proud -- too proud to
come right out and tell you how much he wants to own that drugstore, or at
least be a partner. I'm sure you know that's why we decided to come here in the
first place," she made this last remark rather pointed and then looked up
anxiously to see whether it had offended him.  Apparently not, for he was still
smiling in a kindly way.  He seemed to be staring at her legs and she shifted
her position a bit in the chair and tugged her skirt down before continuing,
"Ray is going to ask the bank for a loan, to buy you out.  I -- I'm sure that
your... your help, your recommendation would be very, uh, persuasive to the
people at the bank.  I believe you're related to the bank president?"

      "Brother-in-law," John Blodgett said, nodding, "Lee Quigg is my wife's
twin."

      "Oh, really -- twins?  I didn't know that."

      "'Course that doesn't mean I can tell him how to run his bank," the big
man pointed out, "but like you say, my opinion does carry a little weight."

      "I'm sure it carries a great deal of weight," Sally said warmly, "That's
why I came to you.  And also, of course, because I feel that I know you... a
little, at least.  I couldn't have gone to Mr. Quigg, for instance, with such a
request.  Will you help us, Mr. Blodgett?"  Her grey eyes rested pleadingly on
his face and she sat forward slightly in her chair, the movement deepening the
dark shadowed cleft between her large breasts.  Blodgett's gaze flicked
downward and rested on those twin mounds that were quivering noticeably from
her nervousness.  God damn, he thought, but the girl had a pair of beauties! He
could hardly believe that Ray Denham's snotty New England wife was actually
sitting here in his office at this moment asking him for a favor.  He had
always dismissed her as unattainable, no matter how attractive.  Now, a bold
plan was rapidly taking shape in his devious, cunning mind.

      "Look, Miz Denham -- may I call you Sally?"  She nodded breathlessly.  "I
want to help you, Sally.  I sure-to-God do!" his husky southern voice oozed
sincerity, "and maybe there just might be something I can do.  But don't go
gettin' your hopes up too high.  We all of us business people in this town
would like to see Ray running the store.  After all, he's a Tennessean...
practically a local boy.  But these aren't the best of times, I guess you know
that, and there's certain rules any bank has to be guided by in making loans.
If you start bending those rules too much out of shape then the bank's in
trouble."

      "Perhaps," she said timidly, "if you feel there's no chance of our
getting the loan, you'll reconsider selling and go back to the partnership
plan?"

      He smiled sadly.  "I'm afraid my doctor would have something to say about
that, and Lauralee wouldn't be too happy either.  Now if you and I were going
to be the partners, that might be different."

      Sally was at first annoyed that he would joke about a matter which was so
very serious to her.  She looked at him rather severely and he stared back at
her with a direct, disturbing gaze. Good heavens, he couldn't be... he wasn't
suggesting... no, she could only treat it as a pleasantry, an inept one.  So
she smiled at him innocently.  She had never really had the opportunity to
study John Blodgett before at close range.  He certainly did not look to be in
poor health, nor old enough to retire.  Although streaked with grey, his hair
was as thick as Ray's and worn in modish sideburns.  He was a large man and
undeniably a handsome one and his oddly compelling gaze was raking her from
head to toe! Sally felt the first prickle of discomfort, and feared that he had
misunderstood her intentions in coming here.  She had hoped of course to take
advantage of her feminine position, but not... not by demeaning herself!

      "Is there anything you can do for us?  Have you any advice?" she asked,
growing more uneasy every second that his now frankly lecherous eyes devoured
her body.  He smiled in answer, slowly and confidently.

      "There might be, Sally," he paused to let his words sink in. "There just
might be.  Tell me -what ever made a northern gal like you marry a no-account
like Ray Denham?"

      "What do you mean, no-account?" she blazed, getting angrily to her feet,
"I love Ray!"  The dog, Duke, stirred and lifted his head again.  "Why, there's
not another man in this stupid little town who's got one-tenth of Ray's brains
and ambition!"

      "Oh, I know all that," he answered mildly, "but he hasn't got any money,
any family, any backing.  You should have married a man with some position in
the world."

      "Don't underestimate us, Mr. Blodgett," she said icily, "Ray will have
position some day, and I'll fight to help him get it."

      "Uh-huh.  And just how far are you willing to go, honey, to help your
husband?"

      "Wh-what do you mean?" her pretty face wrinkled into a frown as she tried
to fathom the depths of his mind.

      "Simple.  I've got something you need -- influence.  And you've got
something I could use.  Yes sir, something I could make very good use of," his
even white teeth flashed at her.  "You're a regular little spitfire, but I
admire a woman with guts -- specially when she comes all tied up in a pretty
package like you do."

      "I'm afraid I don't understand you," Sally said coldly, beginning to move
around the desk with her eye on the door.  But her heart was plummeting.  God,
had she ruined everything?

      "Let me make it crystal clear, then," Blodgett stood up, too. He turned
around and closed the door, than faced the trembling young wife.  "I like you.
And after we got to know each other better, I think you'd like me.  As for that
husband of yours, I didn't like the way he shot his mouth off the other day and
if I do anything to help him get the store it will only be because of his
pretty little wife and how nice she is to me."

      Sally had reached the door but found her path blocked by Blodgett's
sturdy figure.  Her heart was pounding wildly and her beautiful face was
flushed with embarrassment and anger.  "Let me pass," she snapped, "I can see
I've only wasted my time in coming here!"

      He reached out and seized her, drawing the full length of her body
tightly against his and holding her there, immovable. Gasping with shock, she
beat ineffectually at his chest with her little fists, meanwhile feeling his
belt buckle digging into her flesh just under her breasts and further down,
something hard that poked into her stomach and could only be... oh, God!  She
was enveloped in the pleasant spicy smell of his shaving lotion as he forced
her face upward to meet his.  His open mouth enclosed her small lips and his
powerful tongue inserted itself between her clenched teeth... pushing...
pushing into her throat.  With a muffled, strangling cry and with all her
strength Sally succeeded in twisting away, ducking her head out of the reach of
his lewdly thrusting tongue.  At the same time she freed her right hand and
slapped him just as hard as she could, so that her palm smarted from the
impact.

      "Ow!" he exclaimed.  "Why, you little hellcat!"  Instead of being angry,
however, he was smiling... laughing down at her as though it was a huge joke.
"You'll pay me for that, in spades," he promised, rubbing his reddened cheek.
Behind Sally the dog, Duke, suddenly let out a sharp bark and she started with
fright and surprise.

      "Down, boy -- stay," John Blodgett commanded calmly, grinning wryly at
the terrorized girl, "You're damn lucky Duke didn't take a nip at your ass...
he didn't know if we were playing or it was for real.  I surely would hate to
see anything happen to that cute little tail of yours!"  He was still holding
her loosely and they were both breathing heavily.  "I want to see you... very
soon... your place?"

      "You're crazy!" she sputtered.  "I never want to see you again... after
this outrageous... this..." she couldn't find words to express her contempt for
his behavior, "you just wait 'til I tell my husband about this!"

      "If you want me to help you, those are the terms.  Just call me when
you're ready, Sally.  Your place, or we can go to a motel... personally, I
think your apartment is safer, but that's up to you."

      "You... are... insane," she hissed, "I have no intention of meeting you
anywhere.  What you are suggesting is unthinkable -- you're married -- I'm
married.  And even if I weren't, the very idea would disgust me!"

      "Oh, but you wouldn't find the experience disgusting, honey. I can
promise you that you'll love it."  His big hands began to move and before she
had realized it Sally felt her right breast cupped by his widespread fingers,
and reacted as though she had received an electric shock.  She struck his arms
down and reached for the doorknob, her eyes blinded by hot tears of rage.  He
caught her around the waist as she jerked the door open and passed his
offending hand gently over the rounded swell of her buttocks, whispering
hoarsely, "And remember this, Sally, if I don't hear from you, then you can be
sure Ray won't get the loan!"

      She fled at a dangerous speed down the old staircase, stopping in the
hallway below only long enough to compose herself sufficiently to step out onto
the sidewalk.  The sunlight was blinding, the air oppressively still and hot as
she made her way back across the square, defeated.  John Blodgett!  She still
could not believe it... John Blodgett, one of the most important men in town...
he and his wife right at the head of the Quiggville social circuit...
respected, admired.  Ha!  And he had dared to kiss her, in the most repulsive
way, a suggestive tongue kiss... touched her breast... asked her to meet him!
It was the greatest shock of her young life.  The old lecher, yes, twice her
age... oh, he hadn't come right out and said it in so many words, what he
wanted... hadn't put a name to it.  God help her, what had she done?  And all
she'd wanted was to help her adored Ray!

      Sally reached the security of her own door, unlocked it with fumbling
fingers and ran upstairs.  She threw herself on the bed, still shaking and
quivering although no tears came.  She wanted to cry but could not.  She was
too frightened.

      From his dusty window John Blodgett had observed her progress every step
of the way.  God damn, he chuckled, look at that little ass sway... she sure is
fit to be tied!  Look at those legs... gal's got legs like a racehorse...
Jesus, I bet she can pump those legs in the sack, too.

      Little hellcat!  He saw with satisfaction that Sally did not enter the
drugstore, but went directly to the house entrance.  No, she wouldn't be in a
hurry to tell Ray about it... it was a hundred-to-one shot that she would tell
her husband at all. Because the first thing he'd say would be what were you
doing in his office?  And Sally was smart enough to figure that out.  Let it
lay for a few days, just as it was.  If the snotty little bitch was so crazy
about her farmer of a husband, she'd be around.  Yes sir, all he had to do was
let it lay.

      Still smiling, Blodgett reached down and patted Duke's furry head.  Liked
her, didn't you, boy?  We might just get ourselves a piece of that, Duke, how
about it?  Been a while since we had any strange cunt, hasn't it?  He seated
himself at the big old-fashioned desk again and resumed going through his
papers.  There was a lot of work to be straightened out before he left for
Florida.

      Every few minutes he would stop, however, and smile thoughtfully to
himself at the way things were working out, falling into place.  He had been
trying for several seasons now to get Lauralee to move to Florida for the whole
winter.  She had proved stubborn on this point and so he had hit on the idea of
saying the Doc wanted him to slow down.  Actually, Doc's warning had been
nowhere near as dire as he went around telling everyone. His blood pressure was
up a little... he should eat less, drink less whiskey, quit smoking.  As far as
retiring, John Blodgett hadn't worked an honest day for years anyway, and why
should he? If a man had some brains and used them, others would do the work and
he could sit back and count the money.  Take Ray Denham, now, he would work
hard, save all his money, and someday he might own a crummy drugstore!  Well,
if that was his version of the American Dream, let him go after it.

      He had been just as poor as Ray at the same age, and look at where he was
now.  Of course, the Blodgetts hadn't been hillbilly farmers, they were real
old southern quality and that still counted for something in Quiggville.  If he
hadn't come from a good family, Lauralee's grandmother probably would have had
their marriage annulled.  She'd been only sixteen while he was twenty-four.

      That was the year after the war was over, and he'd just got out of the
army and had come home to Quiggville to draw his veteran's unemployment
benefits while he looked around for something to do.  The Quigg twins, Lee and
Lauralee, had been children when he went away... now they were seniors in high
school and most of the town gossip revolved around the twins. Parents dead and
being raised by their grandmother, a fool if there ever was one.  Set out to
make Lauralee a southern belle who would have done credit to the Civil War days
-- innocent, ladylike, sheltered -- and naturally the girl had rebelled and
turned out just the opposite.  Wild!  Smoking at thirteen, using words nobody
could figure out where she'd learned, and from the age of about fourteen on,
putting out to anything in pants.  Lee, the boy, wasn't half as bad as his
sister but they were both hellions. They were both spoiled rotten and when they
turned sixteen that spring, Grandma had to rack her brains to come up with
presents they didn't already have.  She bought Lee a convertible and promised
Lauralee a trip to Europe.  But the girl didn't want to go to Europe,
especially since she had to wait until graduation and then go along with
Grandma.  When her twin got a car, Lauralee was furious.  Somewhere she picked
up the basics of driving and was soon sneaking out in Lee's new car whenever
she got the chance.

      That Saturday night, John Blodgett had just come out of the theater and
was standing at the curb.  Quiggville's only traffic light turned red and he
had started across the street when there was a squeal of brakes and a yellow
fender dipped to a stop only inches from him.  He started to swear, looked up,
and the words died...

      "Hi, John," Lauralee said.  "I'm sorry if I scared you," she giggled.
"It'd be awful to go through the war and then get killed right here on the
square, wouldn't it?"  She was staring at him with undisguised admiration... he
was wearing his tropical-weight uniform and the pocket was crowded with his
battle ribbons.  The two of them were suddenly a pair of animals, sniffing at
the warm flower-perfumed night air in search of excitement.  "Can I give you a
ride someplace?" her little red lips parted expectantly.

      He got into the car beside her, conscious even then that this might be a
momentous evening although he did not know that it was going to change the
whole course of his life.

      Everything he had heard about Lauralee turned out to be true, and then
some.  He couldn't believe she was only sixteen, no teenager could possibly
acquire the knowledge that was packed into her lithe, hundred-pound body!  They
had gone directly to a roadhouse a few miles out of town, where Lauralee
insisted on having beer.  Evidently she'd also had something to drink before
picking him up... she was not drunk, but pretty high.  They sat side by side in
a booth and suddenly he felt her warm hand on his thigh, moving purposefully
upward until it stopped in the "vee" of his legs, cupping his balls.  Jesus H.
Christ!  He nearly choked on his beer as he felt her fingers working down there
at his loins... did she know what she was doing to him?  A glance at her face
with its wicked tittle cat-like smile told him that she did.  She leaned over
and put her lips against his left ear.  "Ooooh, Johnny, have you got a big
cock?"

      He couldn't have answered her, his heart was beating clear up in his
throat like a hammer.  So he put his hand down over hers and drew her fingers
upward.  By God, his cock felt like it was bigger than it ever had been or was
ever going to be again... it was throbbing like crazy and ramming against his
pants like it was trying to get free... and into her hot little pussy.

      "Oh, Lord," she squealed as her hand closed over him, "it is big, Johnny!
Now, what are we going to do about that?"

      "It's your fault," he told her, "I guess you better figure it out."

      "You mean you don't kn-o-o-w?" she drawled in a teasing voice, squeezing
his penis and massaging it up and down until he thought he'd go off right there
and then.

      "You little cock-tease!" he growled, shoving his hand between her legs.
Her thighs were smooth and warm and they clamped together over his invading
hand, then very gradually opened to allow him to push farther up the forbidden
split until his fingers encountered her panties.  Blodgett remembered feeling
that maybe somebody ought to pinch him and wake him up... this had to be a
dream, sitting here with the Lauralee Quigg... feeling each other up in full
view of anyone who wanted to look and be God-damned if he could tell which of
the two of them was the hottest. Lauralee's eyes had a glazed look and she was
breathing fast and jerky...  "Shall we get out of here?" he whispered.

      "Yes!" she wiggled away from his obscenely probing fingers just as they
slid under the tight elastic leg-band of her pants. She stood up and he had
hastily thrown some money on the table and followed her.  Lauralee had insisted
on driving, but instead of taking to the highway she simply drove behind the
roadhouse, right into a field.  He thought the car would hang up in the soft
earth, but she spun it under a big tree and right there is where they did it.
He had wanted to put the top up in the convertible but Lauralee was too eager
to wait... he smiled faintly, recalling that zippers were new in those days and
the pants of his uniform had a button fly.  Lauralee had the buttons undone in
seconds, and she took his aching cock out.

      "Oh, Johnny!" her voice was awed, "It is big.  Lord, I never saw one like
that... you'll kill me with it!" and she had bent over him, her long golden
hair falling over his genitals, brushing against his heavily loaded balls while
she kissed the tip of his penis and then ran her little pink tongue all around
it like she was licking an ice cream cone.  Groaning with his desire to get
into this incredible little witch, he tore at her dress... pulling it down to
expose her youthful breasts with their high, pointed contours and virginal tiny
nipples.  Then he pushed her skirt up until her clothing was all bunched around
her waist and the lower half of her sensuous body was exposed too, the brief
panties starkly white against her slim tanned legs.  Lauralee released his
swollen rod from her warm wet mouth and scuttled backward on the car seat to a
reclining position, her legs raised. Panting, almost sobbing, she helped him
pull the panties off.

      "Christ, Lauralee, you're beautiful!" he exclaimed huskily as he stared
down hungrily at her nakedly exposed pussy.  The pink cuntal slit nestled,
almost concealed, beneath her short curling golden pubic hair.  "Oh, hurry,
hurry," she was begging him, "I'm so hot I can't stand it!" and she took his
lust-swollen cock in her hands and guided it toward her tiny cunt-hole.  She
had whimpered when he burst through the tight muscular ring, but had quickly
become use to the bulk of him inside her and he had been too aroused by her
wanton eagerness to exercise any caution or restraint.  He had fucked Lauralee
Quigg mercilessly, as if she had been a common whore and, God, she had loved
it.  Sixteen years old!  He could have gone to jail for the things he did to
her that night in the car... well, if it came to that he reckoned he could have
gone to jail for a lot of things he'd done in his life.  John Blodgett grinned
humorlessly.

      It had been very late when they had finally satiated each other and got
their clothes straightened.  Again, she had wanted to drive and he figured she
was sober enough, although still a rotten driver.  They were coming into the
outskirts of town, down in the colored section, when it happened.

      The streets were quite deserted, so that the last thing they expected was
a white figure looming up suddenly in the headlights. Lauralee had jerked the
wheel, but the right fender had hit the white object.  The impact was so
slight... yet it hurled the figure several yards ahead and it crumpled against
the curb. Lauralee kept on going, gripping the steering wheel tightly.

      "What was it?" she cried.

      He had tried to get her to stop, to go back.  "I think it was a woman...
a colored woman."  She just kept on driving.

      "S-she stepped out in the road!  You saw her, Johnny!  I -- I haven't got
a driver's license."

      Luckily for both of them, he had kept his head.  He told her again to
stop and then he got behind the wheel.  They did not go back to see about the
woman, instead he went to his home and put the car in his vacant garage, his
mother hadn't had an auto since the war.  There was only a small dent in the
fender, but to be sure he got several buckets of water and washed that side of
the car very carefully.  Then he drove Lauralee home.  When they turned in
between the brick gateposts at the entrance to the Quigg farm, John Blodgett
deliberately scraped the right fender, crumpling it slightly and leaving yellow
paint on the bricks.  He explained to Lauralee that this was necessary to
explain the damage, and that he would pay to have the car repaired.

      It turned out that the victim was an aged colored woman with no
relatives, and so not too much fuss was ever made about finding the hit-and-run
driver.  The state police did check on cars that required body work after the
date of the accident, but readily accepted the explanation of the damage to Lee
Quigg's convertible. And the following week, on the night of Lauralee's
graduation from high school, she and John Blodgett eloped to Mississippi and
were married.

      The marriage had worked out well.  Perhaps Lauralee's grandmother had
seen that Blodgett was a strong enough man to handle her wayward granddaughter
as well as guide Lee Quigg in running the various family enterprises.  He had
insisted that as his wife, Lauralee should conduct her sexual affairs with more
discretion although he was aware that a woman with her insatiable appetites
could not remain faithful to any one man.  Well, he had his own appetites, by
God, and he hadn't done too badly over the years either!  If theirs had been
the conventional marriage it would never have lasted, but he was smart enough
to see that Lauralee was like a horse with the bit in its teeth -- let her have
her head and run, and she would come right back to the stable when the fun was
over.  No, he would never divorce her -- for one thing, the Quigg family
holdings were the base that lay under the considerable fortune Blodgett had
built up -- the real estate, the bank and the saw mill all contributed
handsomely.  The drugstore was only something he had bought up cheap, on a
whim, mainly to get the building.  He had no real interest in it and would be
glad to see it go, once it had provided the cash for the sea-front apartment in
Florida.

      Whistling cheerfully, he selected the papers he wanted and placed them in
his briefcase.  Then he locked the others away in the desk and snapped his
fingers at Duke.  The well-trained animal rose immediately and padded silently
out of the office with his master.

      Blodgett entered the bank, nodding and speaking to various patrons as he
made his way to the rear and walked directly into his brother-in-law's office
without announcing himself.  The room was far more sumptuously furnished than
Blodgett's dusty office upstairs, so that anyone who did not know better might
suppose that Lee Quigg was the more important of the two men.  However, in his
dealings, it suited the crafty Blodgett to retain his poor-boy-makes-good image
-- the local people trusted him because it seemed like he was really one of
them.  He seated himself on the massive brocaded couch and drew up a silver
ashtray.

      "Hi, Lee.  You doin' all right?"

      "Can't complain," his brother-in-law said mildly, swiveling his leather
armchair around to face Blodgett, who wasted no time in getting to the point.

      "Ray Denham is gonna be over here one of these days to see you about a
loan -- he wants to buy the store, only he hasn't got any money." "Well, are
you selling to him?"

      "Hell, no, you know that other deal is all wrapped up.  But here's what I
want you to do -- stall him.  Tell him all the usual... the Board has to
approve all the loans... just stall him for a while, be nice to him."

      Quigg went to the concealed mahogany bar and made them each a drink.
Handing one glass to John Blodgett, he said, "Can I ask why?  Why don't you
tell him right off that it's no deal?  Ray isn't a bad guy, John."

      "That wife of his isn't bad, either," Blodgett remarked with a low
chuckle, "How would you like to get in there, Lee?  You want to throw a good
fuck into that stuck-up bitch, Sally Denham?"

      Lee Quigg's thin, nervous face quickened with anticipation. "What you
talkin' about, John?  She wouldn't give either one of us the time of day."

      "Like to put a little money on that?" the older man was an inveterate
bettor, but as his wife's twin knew, Blodgett didn't bet unless the odds were
heavily loaded in his favor... but Sally Denham?  The piano teacher?  This time
he was overreaching. Blodgett saw the doubt and indecision of Lee's expression.
"Five'll get you ten," he prompted, "that I can lay her... and after I get her
reamed out good, she's all yours!"  He leaned back and sipped his bourbon,
smiling.


                                 Sally And Duke
                                   Chapter 2

      The next time Sally Denham looked from her front window, the brown
station wagon was gone from its parking spot and she breathed a little sigh of
relief for that.  She hoped she wouldn't ever have to face her husband's boss
again, that they could leave Quiggville without this being necessary.  They
would be leaving, she felt sure now... because of course what John Blodgett had
suggested was impossible.  Even if she could somehow force herself to go
through with it, Ray would never want to obtain the store under such
conditions... would he?  The sad thing was that while she already knew now that
their case was hopeless beyond any doubt, Ray still dared to think he might get
the loan, after all!

      In fact he spent most of the Labor Day weekend working on his
presentation for Mr. Quigg.  He was going to the bank on Tuesday morning and
Sally became increasingly nervous as he talked to her about it.  Yes, she
nodded, it was a good time... the first day of school... fall at last in the
air, a new season... a perfect psychological moment.

      "For God's sake, pay attention!" Ray snapped at her suddenly, and she
jumped.  Hadn't she been paying attention?  "You don't want to stay here at
all, do you?" he continued accusingly.  "You don't like Tennessee -- you want
to move to a city -- why don't you come right out and say so?"

      "Oh, no," she said, seating herself in her husband's lap, "I do want to
stay here, darling.  All our plans... and there's our lot in Hickory Acres... I
want exactly what you do.  I -- it's just that I'm afraid you'll be so
disappointed if -- " she broke off, tears in her lovely grey eyes.

      "I'm sorry, honey," he groaned, "I'm trying to take out my own doubts and
frustrations on you.  Sometimes I even wonder if we should have got married at
all... your parents were right, you know, you could have done a lot better."

      "Ray Denham, you stop that silly talk!  I could never in this world have
done any better.  I love you."

      They clung to each other wordlessly, but even as their lips were meeting
the inevitable question was drumming through Sally's brain, what should I do?
Suppose that she did let John Blodgett come here... that she permitted him to
make love to her... it was only a half-hour or so out of a lifetime, and then
he would be committed to keep his promise because once they had done it they
were equally guilty and she could tell his wife.  Innocently, Sally believed
that Lauralee must be the reason for driving John Blodgett to proposition
another woman.

      His wife was beautiful and aristocratic, but perhaps there was something
lacking sexually.  Only why did he want her, then, when she couldn't even
satisfy Ray, her own husband!  No, she couldn't go through with it, not even
for Ray's sake.  Just the idea of it turned her stomach... another man, inside
her... no, no, no.

      Ray went to the bank and was well received by Lee Quigg, who immediately
passed the news on to Blodgett after the visit.  Ray was told the loan would be
taken under consideration, although Quigg looked rather grave when Ray admitted
his only assets were $2800 in his savings account.

      "What about your folks?" Lee questioned, "Haven't any of 'em got some
property or something they could put up for you?"

      "The only property my folks have already has a mortgage on it," Ray
admitted.  "Everybody's not rich like your family, you know."

      "Well, I want you to know that I'm going to do the best I can for you,
Ray," Quigg said, shaking hands.  "I'll be in touch with you."  He ushered Ray
to the door of his luxurious office as if he were the bank's most valued
depositor and the gesture made the young pharmacist feel somewhat better about
his prospects... not knowing, of course, that his wife's assets -- namely, her
appealing young body -- were going to be the deciding factor.

      And so they waited to hear from the bank, with both Ray and Sally growing
more edgy every day.  John Blodgett was disappointed that he had not heard from
the young Mrs. Denham, maybe she was going to be tougher than he had figured.
God damn, he did hate to lose a bet!

      Lee Quigg was pestering him about it every day.  "I have to tell him
something soon, John.  What do you want me to do?"  It looked like a little
push was needed to get things moving in the right direction again and so he
instructed his brother-in-law to stall just a few more days and in the meantime
to invite the Denhams to the party that was being given at the Country Club on
Saturday night.  Although they were not leaving for Florida for at least
another month, the party was in the nature of a going away affair for John and
Lauralee.  Accordingly, Lee telephoned Ray at the drug store and gave him the
invitation and Ray took it to be a good sign that he and his wife were being
included.

      To his amazement, Sally did not share this enthusiasm.  She did not even
want to go, and they quarreled again before she abruptly gave in and agreed.
Ray felt he would never understand his northern wife, particularly when she
began to take great pains in getting ready for the party, getting her hair done
and shortening an old long formal that she'd had in college into a cocktail
dress.  It was simply made of light green lace, sleeveless and with plunging
necklines in both front and back, a great deal more sophisticated than the
styles she usually wore.

      Quiggville was too small to support a country club, but many of the local
people were active in the one at the county seat and for this evening, at
least, Quiggville natives seemed to dominate the crowd so that the Denhams saw
more familiar faces than they had expected.  Several tables had been pushed
together in one corner of the large main room and they were welcomed into a
group that was already quite lively when they arrived at nine-thirty.

      Sally's eyes were drawn irresistibly to the table where the Blodgetts
sat.  Oh, God, he'd seen her and was staring back!  John Blodgett's light blue
eyes ran all over her figure appraisingly. Then he nodded and raised his glass
to her in a mock toast.  Sally sat down, her cheeks blazing, and tried not to
look again.  Lee Quigg had seen her entrance, too, and he leaned over to
whisper in his brother-in-law's ear, "Still think you can fuck her?" Blodgett
smiled and made a little circle of his thumb and forefinger.  Shortly afterward
he got up and made his way to where the Denhams were sitting, greeted Ray
effusively and asked Sally to dance.  She got up stiffly and joined him.

      "You're lookin' mighty pretty tonight, Sally," he commented, immediately
pulling her close in an intimate dancing position. "All the local girls are
jealous."

      "I am a local girl," she pointed out coldly.

      "Well, 'course you are, and I hope you stay one... but I forget that
sometimes.  You haven't been really initiated as a local girl yet," he
chuckled, "How come I haven't heard from you? I though we were going to get
together."

      "Mr. Blodgett, please," Sally fought to retain her composure. "My husband
is here, your wife is here -- how can you go on that way?"

      "Why, honey, they don't know we aren't talking about the weather and the
football game same as everybody else!  Don't push away from me like that... I
like to feel those tits of yours right up against me.  First time I ever saw
you, I noticed what a pair of beauties you had."

      Sally stumbled and missed a step, but he held her so tightly that no one
even noticed.  She felt as though her whole body was dissolving in shame...
good God, she had to go on dancing with him and listening to the flood of
obscenity... she couldn't make a scene here!

      "Wait till I get you alone," the husky voice went on, "and get your
clothes off.  I want to suck those tits... I bet they taste just like honey!"
To her absolute horror, Sally found that the very shocking lewdness of his
words was arousing her breasts, she could actually feel them swelling and the
nipples stiffening, right through the filmy lace of her dress.  In her entire
life no one had ever spoken to her as he was doing, certainly not her husband,
Ray!  "And you got something else that's just like honey..."

      The music went on and on and the numb girl allowed herself to be guided
along in the loathsome arms of John Blodgett, braced for whatever filthy thing
was coming next.  Her whole body tingled from the stunning surprise of hearing
words she had seen only on lavatory walls and which could not help but arouse
erotic thoughts in the most chaste girl by their very lewd suggestiveness...

      "When do I get into the honey pot, Sally?  Come on, I've got something
here I want to stick in your cunt... can you feel it?" he slid his hand down
her back until it rested below her waist, and forcefully propelled her hips
toward the lower part of his body.  The rigid bulk of his penis seared into her
stomach like a branding iron...

      "No!" she exclaimed, so loudly that nearby couples heard the exclamation
and turned their heads curiously.  Blodgett relaxed his grip and let his hand
return to the proper position... he didn't want to go too far, she was a jumpy
little bitch... just far enough so that she got the message loud and clear.  He
had by now worked her to the far end of the room from where their mates were
sitting.

      "There's not much time left," he warned her, "If you still want your
husband to get the store.  I would say, in fact, there's only a few days left.
Shall we make an appointment?"

      "No," she said dully, unable to think clearly for the emotions that were
swirling through every raw nerve end of her body, "I -- I can't.  What you're
asking is impossible.  I have never -- never been with another man besides my
husband.  Why won't you let me alone?  Find someone else, please!"

      "Then I'll give you only a few more hours," he said angrily. "You let me
know your decision tonight, before you leave here."

      "I told you no."

      "I'll ask you just one more time," he promised grimly.

      By the time he had returned her to her chair beside Ray, Sally was limp
and drained of feeling.  She had known they shouldn't come, when she heard it
was a party for the Blodgetts, and now it was turning out to be a further
nightmare.  But Ray had not noticed a thing, he was actually enjoying himself,
having a few drinks under his belt by now.

      Groping for reassurance, Sally reached over and put her hand timidly on
Ray's knee.  He turned to her, beaming at this unusual display of affection.

      "Here, honey, here's your drink.  Maybe it's too weak now... the ice
melted while you were dancing."

      "No, it'll be fine," she seized the glass gratefully and swallowed the
pungent bourbon and cola mix.  Ordinarily she did not care for hard liquor, but
Sally sensed she was going to need something to get her through this evening.
After the second drink she began to warm and relax slightly.  John Blodgett
stayed with his friends, and the younger crowd around her and Ray's table was
quite enjoyable to be with.  She loved to see Ray having a good time... it was
the first evening in ages that he'd gotten out like this... probably the last
time they would be with these local people, too.  She supposed that when the
new owners took over the drugstore, or before, her husband would start looking
for another job.  God, what if it should be another place like Quiggville,
maybe worse?  The thing was, she was at last beginning to feel some slight
sense of belonging here and getting acquainted.  If they owned the store... if
they could build the house in Hickory Acres... it wouldn't be at all bad!  They
could join this country club and Ray would be able to play golf... she would
take part in garden clubs or something.

      Someone else asked Sally to dance and when she returned to the table her
third drink was waiting.  She finished it, and later there was more... never
had she had so much to drink in one night; she was probably in for a hangover
in the morning, but at last she was really enjoying herself, having a good
time!  Much, much later they began drinking sentimental toasts to the Blodgetts
-- and Lauralee Blodgett stood up and made a drunken, tearful speech about
leaving Quiggville for the first time in her life, even though she would always
keep her home here, "mah fam'ly place," as she put it.  She had to lean on her
brother and her husband to keep from falling as she swayed gracefully back and
forth and rambled on, liquor spilling from her glass to splash over her
expensive dress.

      "She's plastered!" Sally whispered to Ray, shocked.  He grinned at her.

      "Darling, she's usually plastered, from what I hear."

      What a shame, Sally thought, such a beautiful woman and so well kept up.
She has to be past forty, but her figure is still great... is it being married
to that horrible man that makes her drink?  When she finally ran out of words,
Lauralee sat down abruptly -- not in her own chair, but on her husband's lap.
She flung her arms around him and kissed him in a passionate way that drew
whistles from the onlookers and made Sally feel uncomfortable.  Later Lauralee
was circulating among the tables, kissing all the men and the women too and
promising to write to everyone from Florida.  When it was Ray's turn she
rumpled his black hair and kissed him full on the lips in a provocative way
that Sally excused only because of Lauralee's obvious condition. But when Ray
asked her to dance... it was the last number... she found her own condition was
not much better and was grateful to lean against her husband's tall form and
let him pilot her over the dance floor.  Suddenly she heard a well-remembered
husky voice and found that Ray was disentangling her arms from his neck.  John
Blodgett had cut in on them!

      All the liquor she had consumed was racing through her blood, and Sally
could not for the life of her remember... ah, yes, he wanted to ask her
something.  She let herself be pressed against his bulky frame, her stomach
rubbing his, breasts mashed against his hard rib cage.  His fingers played at
the slit in the back of her dress where it was open nearly to the waist.  He
did not seem so repulsive now, he was quiet and not saying those awful things
which had upset her before.  His big hands were almost gentle... she must keep
her wits, this was very important... very important to Ray.  Darling Ray was so
happy tonight, she must help him get the store so that they could go on living
here and he would always be happy just as he was now!

      "Sally," Blodgett's voice was calm, insistent, "I'll be at your place
Monday.  I'm damned if I could wait another day.  I'll see that Ray has to go
to Knoxville... don't worry about a thing, baby... nobody will know.  Monday
afternoon."

      "I can't," she shook her head, her words slurring slightly, "I can't do
it to Ray!"

      "You're doing it for him, remember?  I told you, I'll ask you one more
time.  This is it -- shall I come on Monday?"

      "Oh, God," the poor girl's head was spinning.  What to say? What to do?
She must help Ray.  "Yes," she breathed, "C-come on Monday."  Her head slumped
forward wearily on his shoulder, eyes nearly closed.  Her long brown hair,
escaping from the careful hair styling of this afternoon, tumbled down her
back.  Over the brown curls, Blodgett saw his brother-in-law dancing toward
him. The eyes of the two men met for an instant and Blodgett winked broadly.

                                  *    *    *

      Sally did not remember the ride home at all, or being undressed and put
to bed by her husband.  The next thing, she remembered, in fact, was waking on
Sunday afternoon with a truly ghastly hangover.  Ray seemed to think it was
funny, but he took tender care of his wife, bringing her coffee, and ice to put
on her throbbing head.  That evening, when she had recovered sufficiently to
sit in the living room, he teased her about getting high.

      "You were the life of the party, honey, dancing with everybody.  Good
thing I'm not the jealous type."

      "Huh!  I seem to remember Lauralee Blodgett slobbering all over you."

      "Well, her old man made up for it... cut in on the very last dance.  Oh,
you were a big hit, Mrs. Denham."

      Then she remembered it all and the walls seemed to fall in on her!  He
was coming here... Monday... tomorrow.  She had made a cheap, back street
rendezvous with her husband's boss, in her husband's own home.  He couldn't
hold her to it, she'd been drunk, and Sally had no intention of going through
with her part of the lewd arrangement.  "I've got something you need... and
you've got something I can use."

      As one often does, she simply refused to think about the unthinkable and
blocked the whole thing off in a dark corner of her mind as though it might
just go away by wishing.  Her vital young body snapped back quickly from the
effects of her overindulgence at the party, and on Monday morning she rose
early and did the washing and ironing.  Then she fixed Ray's lunch.  He came
upstairs promptly at twelve and ate hurriedly.

      "Honey, I've got to go to Knoxville this afternoon," he said, munching
the tossed salad she had prepared.

      "Knoxville?  How come?"  A cold chill gripped her.

      "Blodgett called... wants me to go to the wholesale house, and then he
asked me to run a couple of personal errands for him -- stuff for the farm.
I'm leaving right away and I should get back by five, that way I can make up
any prescriptions that come in."

      "I could go with you," she said, "Maybe see a movie or just look around
the stores?"

      He frowned.  "Don't you have a piano lesson?"

      "Oh, yes... of course, well," she smiled bravely, "another time."

      "Got to run," he pushed his chair back, gave his wife a quick hug and
kissed her.  Sally watched the car drive away and then, moving like a robot she
went to the telephone.

      "Mrs. Hearldson?  This is Sally Denham.  I wonder if Cynthia would mind
switching her piano lesson to tomorrow afternoon?  Is that convenient?  Then
I'll look for her after school tomorrow. Yes, goodbye."  She went into the
living room and sat down to wait.  Crazily, it occurred to her that maybe she
ought to dress for the occasion.  What did one wear, a negligee... black
stockings with lace garters?  Oh, God!

      Sally never drank in the daytime, but if ever in her life she needed a
drink it was now and she went to the kitchen and fixed herself a stiff one.  At
one-thirty, when she was on her second drink, the doorbell rang... one short,
sharp ring.  She went down immediately and opened the door.

      The big German Shepherd bounded in ahead of his master and brushed
against Sally's unsteady legs, tail wagging.

      "Hello, Sally," John Blodgett said, "you doin' all right? You don't mind
if Duke comes in... it's mighty hot for him to sit in the car?"

      "No, I-let him come in."  She was rather relieved to have the dog there,
it seemed that she was not complete alone with Blodgett that way.  Duke bounded
up the stairs with Sally following and Blodgett behind her, his eyes fixed on
the undulating spheres of her buttocks as they moved in rhythmic rotation under
her dress. Jesus, he was going to enjoy this one.  It had been a lot of trouble
to set up, but he was almost home... in a matter of minutes he would be all the
way home, fucking the hell out of that sweet little cunt.  His cock was jumping
already.

      She led the unwanted guest into the living room where the drapes had been
closed against the mid-day sun and the radio played softly, masking the sounds
of traffic below on the square. "Will you have a drink?" she asked formally,
her hands twitching nervously.

      "Don't mind if I do, if you'll join me."  Her husband's boss eased his
bulk onto the low couch, and she brought the drinks a few seconds later.  The
ice cubes rattled as she handed him his glass.  When she turned to seat herself
in a chair, Blodgett seized her by the wrist and pulled her down on the couch
beside him.

      "Just relax," he urged her gently.  "What are you so scared of, Sally?
The world ain't coming to an end."  Even at this point he knew she had to be
handled carefully, the whole thing could still blow up in his face.  But he had
never failed to score with any woman he really set his sights on and he would
be God damned if this prissy New England bitch was going to spoil his record.
He circled her trembling shoulders with his arm, setting his drink on the
coffee table, and tilted her pale face toward him.  Sally's innocent grey eyes
pleaded mutely for mercy as he pulled her closer and closer until their lips
met with a galvanizing shock. It was a strange kiss, unlike any Ray had ever
given her.  John Blodgett seemed to be tasting her lips and mouth, licking
lasciviously at her and transferring the distinctive flavor of bourbon from his
lips to hers.  Breathless at his aggression, Sally wriggled backwards against
the cushions of the davenport. His large handsome face blotted out everything
else from her vision.

      "You're a beauty," he muttered, "and I've wanted you for a long time.  Am
I so repulsive, Sally?  Why are you shrinking away from me like that?"

      She felt his hand come to rest on her tensely quivering stomach and the
contact, felt right through her light cotton dress, sent a curious near thrill
surging through her.

      "N-no," she admitted, "you're not repulsive, Mr. Blodgett, but..."

      "John," he corrected, moving his arm to encircle her small waist.

      "John.  Please, I beg you..."

      He cut off the words by completely engulfing her soft wet mouth again in
his own lips, his tongue thrusting out lizard like to force its way between her
teeth, and a wild shiver of emotion rippled through her.  His big hands felt
hot as they began to move over her.

      Oh, God, this was it!  She continued to push and struggle against him but
only for a moment until she realized the futility of it and simply let herself
relax and her mouth fall open to the lewd probings of his tongue.  Her entire
body now slumped against him as his right hand found, and covered her large
uptilted breast.

      "Ooooh," she moaned and he smiled confidently.

      "You're going to love it, honey," he promised, his hands now moving
faster in their thorough exploration of the hollows of her supple body while he
continued to lap at her face with his rapacious tongue.

      Lord, she was alive all over with wanton sensation!  Suddenly his mouth
and hands roaming lewdly over her had set her on fire... Ray, oh, Ray, come
back... I need you now!  His hand was on her bare knee... traveling upward to
her thigh... stroking the sensitive inner flesh of her thigh!  Oh, God help
her, she didn't mind it there... she was even liking it, actually craving the
soft pressing warmth that was coming ever closer... closer.

      This was wrong... completely wrong!  What was she thinking of, she
mustn't let this man do these forbidden things to her. She knew she couldn't go
through with it, it was too emotionally wracking... and she had to stop him
now, before it was too late!

      Sally sat up straight, shoving against John Blodgett's broad chest in a
futile effort to loosen his grip on her.  "No, I can't," she half sobbed, "I'm
sorry... I know I let you think that I -- but I simply can't go through with
it.  You may have no principles, but I have."

      "Principles, hell!" he snorted at her.  "Why, you conceited little bitch,
you want to know what's wrong with you?  You're scared to death that you're
going to like gettin' fucked by Big John!"

      The helpless, demoralized young girl gasped, staring up into his steely
blue eyes.  The horrible part of it was that there might be a small grain of
truth in his horrid suggestion... she had for a moment felt something stir
inside her, a shiver of anticipation when his hand had rested between her legs.

      "An' you are gonna like it," he murmured lazily, resuming his perusal of
her quivering hot thighs.  Slowly and gradually, while his hand slipped up and
down the creamy soft flesh, he worked her backward until she lay stretched out
beneath him on the davenport. He pushed his fingers far up between her
fearfully quivering legs and gently rubbed against the flimsy nylon panties
that protected her cringing pussy.

      "Please... John, no," she groaned even as she flung her arms tight around
his neck and let her soft wet mouth fall open to him even as her legs were
opening wider and wider as the sensual torment of his hand instigated a rush of
prurient emotion through her loins.  She was aware that he was burrowing under
the thin elastic leg-band of her panties and she whimpered in paralyzed
distress.

      Then... dear God, he was inside...

      His long thick finger was parting the moistly, palpitating slit of her
vagina and she tried to cringe away but there was no escape from the lewdly
invading finger even though she scratched ineffectually at his massive
shoulders and whined in disbelief that this could actually be happening to
her... here in her own living room.  The probing finger worked deeper and
deeper inside her moistly clinging cuntal lips and Sally quivered in debased
excitement.  She sensed the warm wetness that was gathering inside her and
seeping out to dampen his finger as it played with her sensitive vaginal slit
and spread the soft pubic hair away from the tiny opening.  The poor young wife
could not stifle the sigh of pleasure that escaped from her throat as he
touched the tiny erect button of her clitoris and let his middle finger linger
there until she squirmed uncontrollably with the unwelcome passion that he was
inevitably arousing in her.

      The utter hopelessness of her situation was plain to Sally. Torn by worry
for her husband, she had allowed herself to make this appointment with his
boss, John Blodgett.  She'd been quite drunk at the time, but that was no
excuse, and now he was here to claim his end of the unholy bargain... he was,
claiming it, taking her bodily!  There was nothing she could do but let him
finish... let him make love to her in any way he chose, just as a whore must
please her clients!  To add to her total humiliation, instead of getting the
obscene act over with quickly, he was playing with her and to her own shame she
was letting him arouse her with his taunting finger thrusts up into her vagina,
to the point that her hips were twisting back and forth involuntarily as he
stroked the hotly awakened slit up between her legs.

      "That's better," he leaned over her, grinning lewdly. "You're getting
nice and wet down there now.  Let's get your clothes off, honey, I think you're
almost ready to fuck."

      His casual use of the obscene word made her tense inwardly, but at the
same time it invoked a strange new excitement in her as she realized that no
one had ever dared take the liberty of speaking to her this way before and the
shock could not help but send little ripples of lewd agitation through her
body.

      He let her sit up to remove her clothing, which she did automatically
with an almost fatalistic acceptance of the situation.  He helped her pull her
dress over her head and then gave his attention to taking his own clothes off.
She could not, however, bring herself to pull away the damp pair of panties
which had protected her delicate pubic area from his lustful eyes if not from
his groping fingers.  Breathing hard and audibly, he gasped with a quick intake
of breath as he looked up and saw her full, high-set breasts with the hard
little pink nipples exposed.  His hands went out to enclose and fondle the
ripe, succulent flesh, kneading the pliant creamy skin and pinching the nipples
to a state of even greater erectness.  Finally he bent his head down to her
excitedly heaving chest and took one pink nipple into his hot, wet mouth and
sucked it hungrily, flicking his thick tongue in a maddening way against the
tiny sensitive tip of the nipple.  In a leisurely way, he moved to the other
breast, cupping it underneath with his palm while his wet lips assaulted the
hard, throbbing nipple... then, while his hands continued to manipulate her
achingly full breasts he let his lips slide down the deep cleft between them
and move slowly toward her navel.  When he encountered the brief nylon
protection of her panties he simply hooked his thumbs in the narrow waistband
and jerked them downward.  As the cool air rushed over her secret parts that
were now fully revealed to this gross lecher, Sally moaned with shame and
horror but extended her long slim legs so that he could draw the panties down,
down and toss them away.

      "Jesus H. Christ!" the drugstore owner exclaimed with something akin to
reverence as his greedy eyes feasted at last on the shadowed triangular patch
of her cuntal hair.  Sally opened her eyes which she had kept tightly clenched
shut during the last several minutes.

      He towered above her, one knee on the couch, one hairy muscular leg
planted on the floor.  Below the slight bulge of his stomach the massively
rigid pole of his desire hardened penis swung straight out from his loins.

      "Oh God," she moaned, her eyes widening in disbelief while he smiled down
at her in salacious enjoyment of her amazement.  His hand began a lewd stroking
motion of the thick uncircumcised foreskin popping the huge, blood-engorged
head out at her with its tiny slit winking like some evil eye.

      "That dumb husband of yours hasn't got anything like this, has he,
honey?" he teased the debased young bride as she cowered away from the sight of
the powerful cock.  "I bet nobody ever stretched that tight little cunt of
yours.  Oh, just wait till I get it up into your little belly... you're gonna
beg me to let you have all of it."  He was obviously relishing her terror with
a near-sadistic joy as he proudly stroked his fleshy instrument. Dear God...
she could never take a thing like that in her!  He would kill her if he tried!

      She scarcely, heard his lewd boasting, her mind was too full of the
knowledge of her hopeless position... he was going to ravish her, appeals for
mercy would be useless, she was sure, for her degradation was only inciting him
to further obscenities. Alone with him, naked and spread out obscenely for his
pleasure, there was absolutely no escape... no relief... she was lost!

      Blodgett place a hand on each of her knees and deliberately began to
force them apart, opening her fearfully cringing genitals completely to his
lustful gaze.

      "Wider," he ordered, chuckling softly, "open 'em up wider... you got a
big man coming in there, honey, with a big cock to ram in that sweet little
pussy!"

      The petrified young wife whimpered in fright as her husband's boss
climbed onto the davenport and knelt up between her outstretched legs.  She
felt the springs groan under his weight as he lowered his massive, naked body
toward her.

      "Ray," she half sobbed, "Oh... oh... oh Ray."


                                 Sally And Duke
                                   Chapter 3

      The expected entry did not come immediately, however, and Sally lifted
her head to look down over her quivering breasts and see John Blodgett's
massive bulk crouched over her.  He was sliding backward, crab-like, over her
naked body until his head was positioned over her widespread thighs and with
sudden horror it dawned on the girl what he had in mind.  She cringed in
terror.

      "Oh no... please, I can't... I never have!" she pleaded, with her
husband's employer, her horrified grey eyes fixed on his head that was dropping
lower and lower as his big hands spread the white inner sides of her thighs yet
further open.  "Oh, my God... not like that, not like that..." she moaned.

      Blodgett's breath came in excited pants that stirred the sparse, light
brown pubic hair which fringed the narrow cuntal slit, pink and wet with the
moisture of the innocent young bride's unwanted arousal.  Her disgrace
complete, she lay as if transfixed, her eyes still mutely begging him not to
commit this unnatural act upon her defenseless body.  With a decisive,
unhurried movement he pulled apart the two fleshy cunt lips that guarded the
inner sanctum of her femininity, and feasted his lusting eyes on the coral pink
pussy flesh.

      Sally felt the warm expulsion of his breath waft over her secret,
sensitive vagina and she gasped as, her head still raised, she saw his long
tongue emerge from his mouth and then, seconds later, felt its hotly electric
contact against her cringing young pussy.

      Her stomach jumped and her whole body jerked in disbelief as his strong,
pressing tongue forced its way up into the quivering channel of her openly
defenseless cunt.  Faster and faster, the tormenting instrument of her
debasement slid in and out of her unwilling pussy that was automatically
dilating to receive the invading tongue despite her horror at the outrage he
was committing on her innocent body.

      "Uuuuggghhh... no... my God!" she moaned in utter humiliation as she
continued to watch her unnatural ravishment by his bestial mouth.  This could
not, simply must not, be happening! It was some nightmare, she thought, as his
long wet tongue slithered furiously up into her moist, velvety cuntal slit.
"Stop it, John, God, I can't stand it... please, stop?" she entreated him,
choking with shame as she perceived with even further horror that unwelcome
quivers of lewd enjoyment were beginning to radiate through her subjugated body
from his depraved assault on her warmly throbbing cunt.

      His hands suddenly slid under her firm buttocks that were desperately
grinding into the cushions of the couch in a useless effort to escape the
obscene ravishment he was inflicting upon her.  With his big fingers spread
wide, he cupped and squeezed her tender flesh, separating the twin ass cheeks
almost brutally while with his mouth and tongue he continued to lick obscenely
at the gaping pink split between her legs with lewd wet smacking sounds. She
saw that he was looking expectantly at her tear streaked face and knew that he
was watching for her reaction and complete surrender to his animal like
conquest of her proud, moral nature. That he would not get, she was determined;
although in her trapped position she was forced to accept his abuse, he could
not control her mind!  Oh, Ray, darling, I'm doing it for you... but I pray
that this won't change everything between us... I never thought it would be
like this, or that John Blodgett would be such a sadistic beast as to degrade
me in this humiliating way...  God, what was happening to her was already
beyond the wildest fears of her imagination... yet there was nothing to do but
lie there while he sucked with insane fervor at her traitorously acquiescing
vagina and try to keep her suddenly treacherous, unfamiliar body from
responding to the unexpected blissful excitement he was awakening in her.

      Her husband had once hinted he would like to have sex with her in this
depraved way, but she had immediately rejected his tentative suggestion as
beyond the limits of decency, marital or otherwise.  She had not known it would
feel like this... how could she?

      As he labored over her, unceasingly thrusting his tireless tongue far up
into her warmly pulsating vagina, John Blodgett gloated over the successful
outcome of his conquest.  What a fabulous piece she was!  Even tear streaked
and contorted, her face was still pretty and as for her supple, youthful body,
it was a thing of beauty that he was going to get a real kick out of fucking.
For all her chilliness, there was a hot streak in her just waiting to be
uncovered and stimulated into raw passion. Ruthlessly, his lips explored the
moistened folds of her clinging vaginal lips until they settled on the tiny
erect bud of her clitoris.  Sally gasped in shocked pleasure as he enclosed the
throbbing little sensation center with his teeth and laved his hungry tongue
over it in circles until she cried out with involuntary wild happiness and
thrashed her hips from side to side in uncontrollable lewd excitement.
Finally, he let his tongue slide downward again, into the seething wet crevice
of her vagina. He fucked her orally, thrusting his thick hot tongue up into the
widely dilated slit while she whimpered and mewled in cadence with his lewd
swirling movements around the inner walls of the soft, hair-fringed cuntal
lips.

      Her bursting groans of pleasure filled the living room and the big German
Shepherd sat alertly watching the obscene movements of the naked pair on the
couch.  As Blodgett thrust ever deeper into the velvety warm depths between the
young housewife's legs, he saw Sally's small hands twisting in their desperate
struggle and then abruptly give in and move toward him involuntarily until her
fingers locked in his thick hair and pulled him further and further into her
greedily clasping pussy.

      He had her now!  She was hopelessly entrapped by her own awakened and
unfulfilled desires... ready to be taken by him in any way he wanted to do it.

      Sally, too, knew that her body was no longer responding to the dictates
of her outraged mind but was on an uncharted course of its own...  God, what
could she do... nothing!  Her buttocks were jerking rhythmically with the
thrusts of John's tongue as he sent spasms of erotic sensation such as she had
never dreamed existed through her love hungry body.  Suddenly, without warning,
his tongue darted downward toward the forbidden, puckered little hole of her
anus.  She gasped with shock... but the gasp trailed into a rapturous moan of
surprised bliss at the maddening contact of his pleasure giving tongue against
the sensitive, secret opening.  She wriggled ecstatically in the grip of
sensual emotion that traveled headlong through her entire being.

      "Oh don't," she protested, "not that... my God... don't," but her hips
rotated automatically with the effort to force her agonized rectum up against
the hard thrusting tongue.

      Laughing to himself, he continued his demoralizing assault on the tight
little hole of her anus as she thrashed under him in utter degradation, unable
to control the involuntary quivers of her buttocks as the delicious but
unwelcome pleasure rippled wildly through her.

      "Dear God... please, John..." she groaned, raising her head to plead with
her sodomizer as he labored up between her cruelly stretched thighs, "Please
stop!" she begged him, realizing with horror that she had completely lost
control of herself and was at his mercy, a mere object to be humiliated and
further disgraced ... ruined.  But it was useless to appeal; he licked insanely
on and on at her gaping wet loins until the unbelievable pleasure had reduced
the young bride to a state of raw, pulsating passion that was beyond the bounds
of any reason or thought of right or wrong. She knew, dimly, that she was
committing adultery... but she could no longer fight the lover who was giving
her an intense physical rapture that she had never before felt or even dreamed
could exist in this world.

      "Oooooh... ooooh, John... it feels so good!" The shameful admission burst
from her tortured lips before she could choke it back.  "It feels so good.....
oh, my God... more... more!" she begged him, thrusting her hips upward while
her fingers again twisted in his hair and she pulled his head even closer to
the openly throbbing slit of her vagina.  She was wild with excitement and the
insane desire for more of this incredibly enchanting sensation.

      John Blodgett grinned sadistically as he plunged his lizard like tongue
into the seething depths of her cunt while she pushed hard up against his face
in total subjugation to his will.  Her soft brownish pussy hair grazed his
cheeks as her buttocks rolled in rhythmic spasms of carnal joy and her passion
distorted features revealed how completely he had broken down her pride and
self-respect.  Christ, he was going to get a kick out of this... screwing the
hell out of her pliant young body.  He was going to ram his rock hard cock all
the way into that hot, wriggling little belly and shoot her full of sperm until
she yelled her head off. God damn, it was going to be good!

      Sally thought she would go stark raving mad with delight from his wildly
licking tongue that was sending ever widening circles of eroticism through her
naked belly and loins.  Breathlessly, she looked down at his head held in her
little hands as she pulled the hot lash of his strong tongue deeper inside her
and it swirled around the clasping walls of her desire soaked vagina.  It felt
so wonderful she hoped it would never, never stop... but, it was stopping... he
was withdrawing the instrument of her pleasure from her... she looked up at
him, suddenly aware again of the humiliation of her position and the way he had
debased her.

      "You're nice and hot now, honey," he chuckled huskily, "all ready to be
fucked... oh, you're never going to forget this, little girl... I'm going to
fuck you til you can't walk."

      The helpless wife lay on the couch paralyzed, her knees raised and her
seething pussy spread unceremoniously wide open to him, her heaving breasts
quivering with suddenly raised goosebumps as she stared at the rigidly erect
cock extending from his loins like a massive club.  It seemed to swell to even
greater dimensions as she gaped at it in horrified disbelief.

      "No, please..." she shuddered, yet felt tingles of unwanted excitement in
her loins as he moved deliberately up over her and bent his head over her
breasts, seizing a nipple between his teeth and nipping the hard little bud
painfully so that she groaned with the sudden hurt that at the same time caused
further fluttering tremors of delight in her churning belly.

      "All right, Sally," he hissed at her.  "Now I'm going to fuck you until
you beg me for it.  Take my cock and put it right in that hot, tight little
cunt of yours," he ordered.

      Sally winced at the impact of the obscene words.  Fuck... cock... God,
she could not help but be excited against her will by the very startling sound
of such coarse terms... but she must not let herself be excited in this
salacious way.  If she could no longer control her body, she had to at least
keep this lecher from subjugating her mind and thoughts.  Dear God, everything
was lost if she...

      "Come on," he snapped impatiently, "I said take my cock and put it up in
your cunt."  His eyes were inflamed with unholy lust as he gloated down at the
innocent young girl.

      "Oh, John... don't ask me... no, I can't," she sobbed in her humiliation,
yet moved her unwilling hand down until it was only inches from the monstrous
penis.  Tears ran down her lovely, contorted face and she shook her head in
shame and fear.

      "You dumb little cunt!" he snarled.  "Do what I tell you, bitch, put it
in!"

      "Oh, my God..." she moaned, touching his throbbing cock and then
enclosing its bulk in her little hand...  God, it was big ... bigger even than
it had looked... warm and rigid in her fingers.

      Blodgett began to lower his hips while Sally spread her legs even wider
apart and slowly drew the heavy shaft toward the tiny, wet hole of her vagina.
With the smooth, thick head she penetrated the cringing folds of her pussy, her
heart pounding with both dread and anticipation.  She shivered at the first
touch of the rubbery, bulbous tip against the sensitive edges of her moistened
vagina.  She hesitated, unable to go on, and he shoved his hips forward causing
an instant, sharp pain as the hard member strained against the tight entrance
of her vaginal channel.

      "Aaaaaghhh," she groaned and he pushed harder, forcing the ponderous tip
through the elastic opening and cruelly stretching her tender cuntal flesh.
The pain was unbearable!  "Aaaaggghhh, God, it's too big!  Please, you're
tearing me... please, God!" she choked and screamed at him to stop, but he only
grinned with sadistic, evil pleasure at the discomfort he was inflicting on her
and deliberately continued his slow, torturing entry into her, unwilling pussy.

      "Ooooohh, oh God," Sally wailed as the lust thickened cudgel slipped up
into her, inch by agonizing inch.  Then, suddenly overcome by his mounting
desire, the insensitive businessman tired of watching her cringing body trying
to take his oversized penis, and he pushed forward with one brutal stroke,
ramming his long, swollen cock up into her unstretched passage with pile
driving force.

      "Aggggghhhh!" Sally screamed as the blood engorged tip forced aside the
tightly clinging walls of her pussy and raced unendingly up into her covering
belly until his hairy, sperm filled balls struck her rounded, tight clenched
buttocks with a dull obscene sounding smack.

      "Ooooh, God...!" she groaned.  He had torn her apart, she was sure, and
she dared not move for fear of further injury to her aching vagina.  She was
full... her whole belly full with his cock... she could feel it all the way up
inside her to her womb.

      Grimacing with satisfaction, he lay heavily on her for a moment,
breathing hard, then he moved his cock forward deep inside her yet another
fraction of an inch, bringing a tortured gasp from her lips.  He did it again
and again, enjoying her shamed, agonized groans until they began to change,
unmistakably, to whimpers of a more sensual nature.  Her passage had gradually
adjusted itself to the unnatural size of his blood hardened cock and as he
rocked back and forth over her, forcing his penis to new depths, she could not
seem to control the sounds which burst from deep in her chest.

      He raised himself over her prostrate, spread-eagled body as she whined
helplessly under him, and he said with lascivious satisfaction, "Now tell me
you want it, Sally.  Beg me for it."

      She stared up at him endeavoring to resist the lewd suggestion as her
hips began to wriggle involuntarily and of their own volition.  Her eyes
pleaded with him to spare her this ultimate degradation.

      "No... please, John... isn't this enough?"

      "Damn it, I said beg me!  Come on, ask me to fuck you... tell me you want
it!"

      "Oh, God... why... why do you need that, too?"  He was taking everything
from hern -- pride, morals, all of it!

      "I want to hear you beg, you stuck up little bitch!  Beg!"

      "A-all right," she sighed hopelessly, "Do it to me... I -- I want you to
do it to me."

      "Not like that.  Say 'fuck.'  Ask me to fuck you!"

      "Fuck me... Oh God... yes, yes, fuck me!" she almost screamed it at him
through her clenched teeth and tear-streaked her face as she uttered the
unforgivably obscene word.  Her capitulation to his demands was complete... she
only waited now for whatever was coming, unable to reason or think or feel
anything beyond the big throbbing cock that was buried in her tender belly.

      As he resumed his thrusting motions up into her with smooth, short
strokes, she abandoned her earlier determination to fight the salacious
pleasure that was again threatening to engulf her treacherous body... she was
too weary and sick with remorse to struggle any more... she wanted to be
carried along on the crest of the rolling waves of excitement that followed
each plunge of his cock into her tightly clasping pussy.  And as he gradually
increased his pace as well as the length of his strokes, Sally felt herself
going... going along with him... her entire body tingling as she squirmed under
him on the couch.  He dropped his open mouth to her face, licking at her
lust-contorted features, and she captured his tongue between her lips and
sucked at it hungrily while she mewled, kitten like, in debased acceptance of
all that he was doing to her.  She pushed her hips up from the couch cushions
to meet his downward plunges and give him still deeper entry into her steaming
cunt.

      John Blodgett saw that she was perspiring now and that the cords of her
neck stood out as her head whipped from side to side in rhythm with the
sensuous twists of her round buttocks. Guttural humming noises slipped from
deep down in her throat.  He knew damn good and well that Ray Denham hadn't
been getting anything like this out of his prissy young wife... no, and her
husband hadn't been putting anything into her like the cock that was in her
now, either!  Man, how she could move that ass as she drove her naked cunt
right up against his cock as if she wanted to swallow it.  Christ, she was
tight... nobody'd ever stretched her good, it felt like... she was the next
thing to a virgin, and it was driving him right up the wall, fucking her like
this!

      Her long brown hair streamed out from her wildly bobbing head as Sally
thrust her twitching legs out on either side of his thighs, forcing her own
thighs still wider open to be skewered ever deeper on the rigidly impaling rod
of his flesh as it bored into her again and again.  Oh, why hadn't anyone ever
told her a man could make you feel like this?  As she flung her head backward
and tensed her taut-stretched thighs, ramming her open flowering cunt up hard
against him the intensity of her rapture was nearly unbearable.  Don't let it
stop, oh don't let it ever stop!  She just hadn't known, wouldn't have
believed, that this could happen ... that she could be unwillingly forced to
commit adultery and then that she would enjoy it!

      John was plowing into her with ever greater force, pulling his hotly
throbbing cock nearly all the way out of her velvety wet sheath on the
backstroke and then sinking it back into her pussy with jack hammer force until
his aching balls slapped against the tiny, exposed ring of her anus.  His cock
throbbed with the tremendous pressure mounting in his sperm swollen balls and
he panted hoarsely in lustful exhilaration... his need for release was so great
that he could not control himself much longer and he pounded into her upthrust
cunt with lust driven fury while she moaned incessantly under him in outright
rapture.  He increased his pace while he stared down between her legs at where
his cock was gliding in and out of her hungrily sucking cunt.  The feeling was
indescribable as his glistening wet shaft emerged from the clasping, soft
hair-lined folds of her pussy with an obscene wet sucking sound and then
disappeared again into the depths of her soft white belly.  He placed his hand
on the fleshy lips of her cunt and began to fondle them, bringing further cries
of pleasure from Sally as he felt the muscles of her vagina tighten
spasmodically and grip his rigid cock as if to hold it inside her forever.

      Her long white legs jerked upward, toes clenching... Christ, she was
almost there!  He sawed into her wildly, shoving her knees upward and back with
relentless pressure until it seemed the seething plane of her pussy would be
split wide open... God, what a woman she was, what a fantastic cunt!

      Sally's swollen breasts danced heavily with the force of his fucking, the
nipples seeming to expand as she began to jerk and convulse, head thrust
backward until the cords and muscles of her slender neck stood out in rigid
display.

      "Oh, oh, oh," she chanted, "Jesus... I feel... I'm going to ... oh yes,
now, now, nowwww!"

      A gush of warm wetness bathed his thundering cock as he thrust faster and
farther up into her, with every ounce of strength he possessed.  The sticky
cuntal secretions bathed and lubricated his massive shaft... and as she
contorted and spasmed under him, wailing as her vaginal lips sucked and pulled
at his lewdly impaling penis, John felt his own boiling hot fluid racing from
his lust bloated balls up the full length of his driving penis with ecstatic
force that racked his big body as it spurted from the tip of his cock deep up
into her vibrating womb and belly.  It flowed out in hot torrents that pooled
with her own boiling cum until her delirious wail of joy sank into a murmur of
complete and utter satisfaction.  Never, never had Sally known anything like
this, or guessed that it was possible to be so filled with pleasure.  She had
done it only to keep a bargain... to protect her husband... not expecting that
her humiliated body would be fulfilled as it never had been before.

      Now that it was at last over she must cope with the realization of what
had been done to her, and that her husband's boss was still lying atop her
satiated body with his long penis still buried deep in her pulsing vagina.

      "Please, John," she tried to control her voice and make it cool and
impersonal, "Take your thing out of me now."

      He complied, looking down at her wonderingly as he raised himself off her
and began to look around for his clothing.

      "What's the matter with you?  Not going to tell me you didn't enjoy it?"

      "I -- I enjoyed it," she admitted in a low, reluctant voice. How could
she deny it?

      "Good," he smiled.  "I always like to satisfy the ladies. Oh, don't
bother putting your clothes on, honey.  You're not finished yet."

      "W-what do you mean?" Sally had begun to rise from her prone position on
the couch, now she paused in dreadful uncertainty. Surely... after the
shattering climax they had reached together, he couldn't be... impossible!

      John Blodgett was grinning evilly down at the supine young bride.  Oh,
what a surprise was in store for the snotty little bitch!  "Maybe I forgot to
tell you," he drawled, "but wherever I go, Duke goes, too.  Including ladies'
cunts, honey."

      "Duke?"  Of course, the dog... the dog?  For a joke, it was certainly in
bad taste, but what could you expect from such a coarse, vulgar person?  She
sat up and swung her bare legs down on the floor.

      "Over here, boy," Blodgett snapped his fingers and the great German
Shepherd obediently rose and came to his master, tail wagging.  And Sally
received her first inkling that perhaps it was not a joke, that he might be
seriously suggesting that... that she... she stared, transfixed, at the
handsome animal... the first dim realization that such a thing might be
possible penetrating her reeling brain.  She'd heard... she knew such things
were done, shows with girls mating with animals, but surely such perversions
could not exist in the sleepy town of Quiggville, Tennessee!  John Blodgett,
rotten as he was, would surely not attempt anything so monstrous as that.

      "I -- I don't feel well," Sally murmured unsteadily, "Will you please
leave now, Mr. Blodgett?"

      "Ah, a few minutes ago it was John, wasn't it, when I had my cock in
you?"  She winced at the memory of the event she was determined to forget, to
put behind her forever.  "Never mind, honey, Duke here will make you nice and
hot and friendly again. He's quite a dog, as you'll see for yourself in a
moment.  Better get down on the floor -- you don't want your couch all
scratched up."

      "I've done what I promised," the demoralized girl pleaded, "You can't
expect me... I won't do it.  Not with a dog!"

      "Yes, you will, Sally.  You have no choice, in your position, because I'm
making it a condition of your husband getting the loan.  You can't afford to
lose what you've already made a 'down payment' on, girl, so hurry up and get
down there," he pointed impatiently to the tufted rug and seized her arm,
"Duke's a trained guard dog, by the way, he'll attack anyone that I tell him to
-- so just keep that fact in your pretty little head."

      "But if I do this, how do I know you won't require... other things?  How
do I know I'll ever be free of you?"  Too late, Sally was beginning to see
clearly how she had entrapped herself in a net of bondage to this man.  Why had
she expected him to honor this agreement, a man without honor or principles of
any sort? But... a dog?  The very idea of it sent little chills running along
her naked spine and set her still quivering pussy to quaking anew.

      Blodgett was not used to hearing back talk from his women. He tightened
his grip on her arm and forced her forward, down on her knees beside the couch.
"Don't try to be a smart ass with me," he threatened.  "I can ruin your
reputation in this town so fast there won't be a decent woman who'll even speak
to you. Think you're too God damned good for my dog, eh?  Well, smarten up,
he's got a longer pedigree than you have."  He nudged Sally's soft buttocks
with his knee and she went down on all fours, helpless tears of shame and
outrage flooding her eyes.

      The big man chuckled as he feasted his eyes salaciously on her full
mooned buttocks and the thin hair fringed slit of her cum drenched cunt
glistening wetly up between the milk white flesh of her thighs.  Stroking
Duke's glossy fur, he led the dog forward. As the beast's cold nose nuzzled
into the gap of her thighs, Sally jerked wildly and gave a little cry.  The
galvanizing, velvety touch sent erotic spasms through her tensely waiting body.
God, it felt like... like nothing else in the world, she supposed, as Duke
sniffed at her vagina in the way he would sniff any bitch dog and she knelt
before him with her widespread buttocks lewdly elevated.  She looked back
between her legs and moaned audibly as she saw the handsome dog's shiny,
scarlet penis suddenly poking out of its furry sheath.  Oh God, the animal's
testicles were nearly the size of a man's, and almost black.  With a leaping
motion, Duke mounted her, his great paws slipping and scratching against her
smooth back as his haunches curved obscenely over her buttocks and the tapered
red tip of his penis bobbed, dripping, at her hot wet crevice.  The very
forbiddenness and unthinkable aspects of what was happening to her could not
help but arouse Sally's prurient emotions.  Instinctively, without realizing
what she was trying to do, she shifted her buttocks in an effort to seize the
long, scarlet organ and clasp it in the blood engorged folds of her vagina.
But the beast's excitement caused it to miss the waiting entrance and the
tapered point stabbed at her nakedly exposed anus, attempting to burrow into
the tiny hole.  Sally tensed in fright and wiggled her buttocks frantically to
dislodge the invading shaft.  It slipped away from her, but the dog continued
to thrust blindly in his dumb sexual frenzy and the tip of his glistening red
penis thrust into her tender flesh over and over, causing her vagina to widen
and dilate involuntarily.  The dog bucked on desperately, seeking her eluding
sheath and taunting her maddeningly with each jab at the hair lined slit.  Once
again, erotic shivers were shooting through her still dripping loins and the
delightful pressure was building within her body.  At last, unable to stand it
any longer, Sally reached back through her legs and took hold of the pulsing,
slippery organ, placing the narrow tip in her cuntal split.  Duke whined as his
long shaft slid wetly into her up to the hilt of his dark furred balls.

      Groaning with relief as she felt him filling her, Sally began to undulate
her buttocks in time with the rapid thrusts of the panting, drooling dog.
Gripping her slender waist in his forepaws, Duke hunched over her and had soon
established his own rhythm of fucking, his powerful hind legs jerking with each
in and out motion.  Sally gave herself over completely to the delicious
sensations of being screwed by the powerful, magnificent Shepherd, her untested
body was wide awake from the stunning sexual enlightenment she had received
only minutes before from her husband's boss and she hungrily sought new, more
exciting erotic thrills even as her formerly prudish mind once again was beaten
in its struggle to dictate what her body should do.  Perspiration gathered on
her naked body, trickling down between her swaying breasts that swung beneath
her like ripe fruit on a forbidden tree.  Blodgett leaned forward, eyes
gleaming with carnal lust as they locked on the flashing red cock of the dog as
it buried itself from behind in the wet, hair-lined flesh of Sally's throbbing
pussy.  The insane pressure was building fast in the girl's obscenely swaying
loins and she was nearly out of her mind with the wanton desire for release.

      "Oooooh," she squealed through clenched teeth, "Oh, yes, yes, yes...
harder... Oh, God, fuck harder..."  Even the animal's incredible fucking pace
could not satisfy her as she ground her buttocks backwards in an effort to
capture more of the long tapered penis and squeeze it between the hotly
clasping walls of her vagina.  All sense of pride was lost to her, she actually
reveled in the knowledge of her abject humiliation by the jerking, hairy body
of the great canine.  She wanted it!  Oh God, she wanted his lewd animal sperm
to shoot up into her belly just as John Blodgett had filled her so wonderfully.
She wanted the long denied bliss again... could never get enough of orgasm, now
that she at last knew what it was and how good it felt.  She had to cum
again... she had to!

      "Jesus H. Christ," Blodgett exclaimed, eyes riveted to the salacious
spectacle.  He licked at his suddenly dry lips and absently stroked his cock
that was beginning to rise again as he watched the obscene buffeting of Sally
Denham by the big dog whose long thin penis was jabbing mercilessly into her
willing cunt. How long could it go on?  Duke's red tongue lolled from his
mouth, dripping saliva over the girl's back to gather and run down the crevice
of the upraised ass cheeks and mingle with the secretions of her seething
pussy.

      Suddenly, Sally gave a wild cry.  Her long hair began to whip wildly back
and forth as she went into the beginning convulsions of her climax.  Her
buttocks began to contract uncontrollably and she rammed them back fiercely
against Duke just as he jerked forward hard and his animal cock began to spurt
its lewd sperm far up in her hungrily quivering belly.  The sticky white fluid
oozed from her lust tightened cunt and bathed the dog's scarlet cock, streaking
the inner sides of her ivory thighs.  She sagged forward in orgiastic bliss,
displaying her wet, cum soaked pubic hair and rosy pink cunt lips as the dog's
deflating cock was sucked out of her vagina with an audible sound.  As she
pitched forward onto the rug in near complete exhaustion, Duke stood over her
body, panting, and proudly wagging his tail.  Then, furthering the perverted
depravity that had been committed on the helpless young wife, the dog dropped
his shaggy head to her widespread legs and licked happily at the creamy fluid
that still oozed from her trembling slit.  His owner let the beast lap hungrily
at the exposed pubic flesh until every drop was gone before he locked his hand
firmly in the dog's heavy collar and drew the satiated Shepherd away from his
human mate.

      "Good boy, Duke," he murmured fondly, patting the dog's shoulders.  "A
dog's gotta have a good piece of ass every now and then too, eh?"

      Sally stumbled clumsily to her feet.  "Wait," -- she demanded. "W-when
will my husband hear from you?"  She had not gone through this degrading
experience to be put off again.

      "Now, hold on there, Sally.  I got to have another talk with my
brother-in-law over at the bank.  You just be patient, little lady."  He
grinned with crude humor as Sally snatched up her dress and held it in front of
her naked, abused body.  Women were all the same... when it was too late, they
wanted to play modest. Well, no, not all the same.  He sure did have to admit
this one had been something special, and the best piece of tail he'd had in a
long time.


                                 Sally And Duke
                                   Chapter 4

      Sally Denham stood at her living room window, peeking through the slit of
the heavy drapes to watch John Blodgett and his dog emerge from her doorway
below and cross the square.  It seemed to her that they had been in her
apartment a long time, although it was still only mid-afternoon, and she
wondered if anyone had noticed their entrance or exit and been curious about
it?  But she could not waste time worrying about that, she had to get herself
cleaned up.  Still naked, she moved about the living room, fluffing up the
couch cushions and removing all traces of her visitors except for the tell-tale
dog hairs.  Those she would do later with the vacuum cleaner.

      She soaked her tired body in a hot tub for much longer than usual,
pouring quantities of fragrant bath salts into the water to dispel every last
trace and odor that might be clinging to her. Experimentally, she handled her
large breasts, running her fingertips over the bruised sore spots and gently
examining the nipples, all with a new awareness of her body as an instrument of
erotic sensitivity.  As she stepped into the bedroom she paused in front of the
full-length mirror to survey her nubile form critically... seeing Sally Denham
for the first time not as a 'nice girl' but a provocative, desirable woman.
Humming, to herself, she dressed rapidly in a fresh cotton frock and returned
to the living room, scene of the debauched episode that was already beginning
to seem more and more unreal.  She flung the drapes apart and let the late
afternoon sun stream into the room as she brought out her little vacuum cleaner
and removed Duke's long black-and-tan hairs from the tufts of the rug.  There
was a dark wet spot on the rug directly in front of the couch and her cheeks
flamed hotly as she realized what must be its origin.  God, Ray would be back
soon and she hadn't even planned what she would fix for dinner.

                                  *    *    *

      After the meal, they were watching television and Sally mentioned
casually that she could have gone with Ray, after all, as Cynthia Hearldson had
changed her piano lesson to Tuesday.

      "Oh, yeah?" he said absently, "Well, it was hotter than hell in
Knoxville.  Seems like this weather ought to break pretty soon. Say, honey,
what's this spot on the rug here?"

      "Oh!  I -- I fixed myself a drink this afternoon and spilled some of it,"
she explained.

      "Drinking alone, and in the afternoon?" he teased, but frowned slightly.

      "Only a cola, silly."

      Speaking of drinks, Ray thought, he had had a tiring day and wouldn't
mind one right now.  Sally was curled up so comfortably on the couch that
instead of asking her he went to the kitchen himself.  It seemed to him that
the level of the bourbon bottle was down somewhat from what it had been the
other day... but no doubt he was mistaken... of course, if Sally wanted a drink
now and then there was no reason why she shouldn't take one, yet it was not
characteristic of his wife to drink or to fib.  Since he knew that Sally did
not really care for hard liquor, the thought crossed Ray's mind as he brought
out the ice cubes that maybe someone else had been here.  No, he dismissed the
idea... she would have mentioned any callers.

      Nevertheless, his wife surprised him by reaching eagerly for his glass
when he carried it in and she proceeded to swallow a hefty slug of it.  "Just
what I needed to pick me up," Sally confessed, "I -- I'm not feeling so well
this evening."

      "Have a hard day, darling?" he questioned indulgently.

      "Not really.  I just feel sort of... strung out."

      "Probably worrying about the loan.  It's making us both tense... I wish
to hell we'd hear something pretty soon."

      "Oh, Ray," his wife got up from her sitting position and moved over next
to him on the couch, placing her cheek against the flat hardness of his chest,
"I'm sure we will hear something soon, and that it will be favorable.  I... I
just feel it!"

      The close intimate presence of his wife against his body could not fail
to stimulate Ray sexually and his hand came down to stroke her soft brown hair
and slip under the neckline of her dress.  Immediately a tremendous wave of
guilt at her deception swept over Sally and her whole body seemed to freeze and
grow rigid with fear.  Ray must never, never find out what she had done!  The
knowledge would destroy him and her along with him... shivering slightly, she
allowed him to work his warm fingers under her bra strap, to push it down over
her shoulder so that he could dip his hand, unhindered, into the thin nylon cup
of her brassiere and fasten his palm over her full vibrant breast.  Cold terror
gripped her.  If they made love tonight she was sure somehow that Ray would
know it was not her first time today.  She still felt so stretched and sore
down there... and she still carried within her secret parts the sticky semen of
Ray's boss and of... oh, God... of the big German Shepherd.  Tears welled up in
her long-lashed grey eyes as she realized fully to what depths of depravity she
had sunk... but for good cause, for her husband's sake.

      "I'm sorry, darling," she whispered as Ray's fingers fastened over her
sensitive, abused nipple, "I -- I just don't feel up to... to romance this
evening.  I really would love it, if I just felt better."

      Her husband sighed and gradually withdrew his hand from her dress,
leaving her breast tingling with the excitement his palpating fingers had
aroused.  Oh, she did want to... she really truly wanted Ray to make love to
her... to fuck as she had been fucked today... but she didn't dare let him. Not
now.

                                  *    *    *

      Sally was so confident Ray would hear from the bank the very next day
that she kept half-listening for the sound of his feet sounding up the stairs
to tell her they had got the loan.  Then, her sacrifice would all be worth
while, she would know she'd done the right thing, the only thing, under the
circumstances.  But the day passed like any other, and so did the next and the
next until she was fuming with suppressed anger at Blodgett's delay.

      On Friday morning she did her marketing and stopped in the drugstore to
pick up some household items.  Ray was busy behind the prescription counter, so
she merely waved at him to let him know she was there and spent a few minutes
chatting with Miss Minnie, of whom both she and Ray were quite fond.  Miss
Minnie had given the couple many valuable tips about the best places to obtain
various items in Quiggville, a good doctor and dentist and so forth.

      "I believe I'll have a sundae," Sally said, sitting down at the fountain
and arranging her parcels on the stool beside her. The girl loaded the
concoction with extra hot fudge and whipped cream and she thought ruefully of
the calories as she dipped her spoon into the luscious combination.  "Won't you
join me, Miss Minnie?"

      "Just a black coffee for me," the clerk said, "I don't never eat any of
that sweet stuff.  Where would I be now if I'd of been eating them sundaes for
thirty-three years?"

      Sally paused, spoon raised.  "How long did you say?"

      "Thirty-three years.  I been working right here in this store since I was
fifteen years old, Miz Denham.  'Course I don't expect to be here much
longer... it looks like my career is comin' to an end, don't it?"

      "Why do you say that?" Sally questioned, frowning.

      "Well, who knows, when the new owners takes over?" the older woman
shrugged philosophically but her down-to-earth voice quavered slightly as she
spoke of the impending change.  "They was in here yesterday," she leaned
forward confidentially, "Poking into everything and writing it all down...
asking a lot of stupid questions."

      "Men from the drugstore chain were here yesterday?  Why, that's funny,
Ray never mentioned it..."  Sally broke off in mid-sentence.

      "I reckon not.  Probably didn't want to upset you, but he was lookin'
awful gloomy.  It's a crying shame the way John Blodgett has done you two, but
at least you can be thankful you ain't put thirty-three years into this place
like I have."

      "Miss Minnie, the sale of the store isn't final," the young wife assured
her, "and I have good reason to think that Ray will be the new owner after all.
We expect to have some good news very soon, so keep your fingers crossed!"

      "I hope you're right, Miz Denham," the spinster muttered doubtfully, "but
you don't know this town like I do.  When Mr. Blodgett makes his mind up to do
something, he sees it through."

      Miss Minnie got up to wait on a customer who had just entered and Sally
finished her sundae in a thoughtful mood.  Well, she could see a thing through
herself, if it came to that!  Easing herself from the stool, she smoothed out
her skirt which was clinging to her perspiration-damp thighs and gathered up
her purchases.  Once again she stopped briefly to see her husband and Ray
looked up from his drug preparations to smile at her.

      "I won't be up for lunch, honey, I'll just grab a sandwich here.  Really
got a lot of work this morning... must be a lot of sick people in Quiggville."

      "OK -- just don't forget your lunch altogether," she admonished, "I
declare, Ray Denham," she put on a fake southern accent she sometimes used
jestingly and which he enjoyed, "you are just gettin' positively skinny."  She
wouldn't let him know how worried she was about Miss Minnie's information and
the fact that he hadn't told her about the visitors in the store.

      Upstairs, she dropped her bundles in a heap on the kitchen table and went
immediately to the wall telephone, picking up the thin Quiggville directory.
Blodgett's office did not answer and she next dialed his residence.  A servant
answered and at her request called John Blodgett to the phone.

      "This is Sally Denham," she announced.  "Why haven't I heard from you?"

      "I can't talk now.  You should know better than to call here," he growled
and promptly hung up on her.  Sally stared at the dead receiver, a growing
premonition seizing her that things were not going as she had expected.  Very
well, she would give him until Monday... no longer.

      At the other end of the line, Blodgett was also uneasy.  Her boldness in
contacting him at home surprised him... she had more spirit than most of her
sex and it was that very thing about her that had made it so pleasurable to
seduce her.  He did not anticipate real trouble... but you never knew when one
of the bitches would turn on you.  "Eula!" he called sharply.

      The maid appeared soundlessly behind him.  She was a strikingly beautiful
young black woman... skin that seemed to change from coffee to bronze and
flowing blue-black hair that was now forced back into a confining hair net. The
white nylon uniform that Lauralee Blodgett required the girl to wear molded
itself to every hollow and curve of a figure that was unbelievably
full-breasted above a minuscule waist and flaring, generous hips. If Eula had
had the opportunity to get away from Quiggville and go north, there was no
doubt in Blodgett's mind she could have gone on the stage.  Instead, she had
married her local sweetheart at an early age and now worked for a low wage in
the Blodgett household.

      "Eula, if anybody calls here for me, I want you to be sure to ask who it
is -- and if it's Miz Denham, you tell her I'm not home. You got that?"

      "Yes, sir," she said quietly, but there was a quick flare of interest in
her downcast eyes that her employer did not see.

      "Where's Miz Blodgett?" he questioned.

      "Oh, she left for town a half-hour ago... thought you knew."

      "No, I didn't," there was an instant relaxation of his big body, a subtle
yet distinct alteration in the master-servant relationship between the two.
"Come here, Eula," he said in a softer tone and the woman obediently moved
toward him to receive his embrace.  He kissed her full on the lips, forcing his
tongue inside the warm wet cavern of her mouth and sliding it back and forth in
a lewd semblance of oral copulation while his fingers rapidly undid the buttons
of her uniform and went familiarly to her straining breasts that were too large
for even his big hands to encompass.  Below his belt he felt his cock jerk and
swell to instant hardness as he began to breathe in short, heavy rasps.

      "Come on, girl," he muttered, "let's go in the bedroom... I got some
business with you 'fore she gets back."  Smiling loosely down at her, he took
Eula's hand and guided it to his stomach, forcing her to grasp his throbbing
penis.  Her dark eyes widened, though she knew well from experience the inhuman
dimensions of his instrument, and an involuntary little shiver rippled over her
body.  Such was Blodgett's dominance over her that she could look forward
eagerly to the things he would do to her on the big king-size bed while never
letting up for one second in her steady hatred of the system which allowed her
to become a mere chattel and plaything of her corrupt employer so that he
enjoyed her body equally as often as her own husband.  Eula liked to think that
every time Blodgett fucked her, she drained him of a little bit more of his
life fluid, his lewd sperm that he filled her belly with... although he
certainly seemed to have an endless supply of it... but never mind, one of
these days her time was coming!  She still had a simple faith that justice
would be done.

      They entered the exquisitely decorated master bedroom and Eula
automatically finished stripping, laying her clothes out neatly over a chair.
He sat on the edge of the bed waiting for her, eyes sliding lasciviously over
her dark perfection that was always so excitingly forbidden to him that he had
to have it again and again.  "I want you to suck me off, Eula," he instructed
her exactly as one might tell the maid how to go about polishing the silver,
"Yes, sir, that's what I crave today."

      Eula dropped to her knees in front of him and settled back on her
haunches as she reached out to take the blood-filled, lust-thickened penis and
guide it toward her lips that were already forming a soft oval to receive the
hard bulbous head.  As her pink tongue flicked out, the woman found that a
totally irrelevant thought was running around in her head.  I wonder, she
puzzled, what this business is with Miz Denham?

                                  *    *    *

      John Blodgett was annoyed and snappish on Monday morning.  He was first
angry with his wife, Lauralee.  They had gone to an intimate dinner party on
Saturday evening and she had proceeded to get drunk, which in itself was no
surprise except that this time she had exceeded her own limits... continued to
drink all day Sunday and was right now at home, sick as a dog, with Eula in
constant attendance.  It was messy and he didn't like it, particularly at this
period when they were starting a new life, as it were, in Florida.  A drunken
wife was not a social asset and Blodgett was a man who relied heavily on social
contacts to set up his various deals and schemes.  He had perceived that the
Florida resort community would be filled with wealthy retirees and
vacationers... just the sort of people whom a little old country boy could help
to separate from some of their money.

      Secondly, he was angry because Sally Denham had telephoned again, in fact
had called several times... and he was going to have to take some positive
action on that situation, collect his bet from Lee and dump the Denhams, both
husband and wife.  He knew by now that they were types who would only cause him
trouble of they remained in Quiggville.

      The bet was only going to bring him ten dollars, but he never liked to
lose a wager and besides, the satisfaction of showing Lee Quigg that the snotty
piano teacher had ended up like any whore -- flat on her back with her legs
spread -- that was worth a hell of a lot more than ten bucks.  In fact, musing
on Sally's downfall which he had single-handedly brought about did quite a bit
to improve his irate disposition as he drove to town.  He was smiling as he
entered the bank and strode into his brother-in-law's paneled office.

      Lee Quigg leaned back in his swivel armchair and surveyed Blodgett's
faintly dissipated countenance.  "Say, John -- Mrs. Denham's been trying to get
in touch with you.  She's called here twice this morning already."

      "Hell," Blodgett growled with a knowing grin, "don't you think I know
she's trying to get in touch with me?  Reckon she wants some more of that good
cock I gave her the other day," he winked obscenely at the younger, weaker man.

      "That's not what she said," Lee observed mildly.

      "OK -- what'd the bitch want?" Blodgett walked to the well-appointed bar
and poured himself a generous slug of raw Jack Daniels whiskey.

      "She wants to know about the loan.  Just what did you promise that girl,
anyway, John?"

      "Christ, what does it matter?" the big man tilted his head back and let
the fiery liquid run down his throat to warm his vitals.  "Promise 'em
anything, give 'em cock.  Lay your ten dollars down, Lee, I aim to collect that
bet today," he winked again.  "She leave her number?"

      Lee pushed a slip of paper toward him and he picked up the phone and
dialed, "Sally?  This John speaking.  Yes, I'm over here at the bank right now
and Lee, Mr. Quigg, would like to have a little talk with you.  No, we don't
need Ray at this point -- you just slip over here and come right back to Mr.
Quigg's office. We'll be expecting you.  No, there are some, uh, points that we
want to go over first.  All right?"  Securing her acceptance, he replaced the
receiver and then drew a ten-dollar bill from his wallet and laid it on the
gleaming mahogany surface of the desk.

      "Hmmmmm, I think your original words were, 'Five'll get you ten'" Lee
Quigg pointed out, hesitating as he pulled his own wallet from his back pocket.

      "Why be cheap about it?" John Blodgett shrugged, "Isn't it worth ten
bucks to get into something like Sally Denham?  How long has it been since you
screwed anybody 'sides Liz?"

      Quigg grimaced at the mention of his puritanical wife and laid his own
crisp green bill on top of the other.  By God, it made his pecker jump just
thinking about Sally's cute little ass swaying the way it had on the dance
floor at the country club the other night.  She couldn't get here quick enough
to suit him...

      Nevertheless, it was to be several minutes before Sally was ready to
leave her place.  She'd been doing the laundry and of course was not properly
dressed as the wife of a young businessman, calling on the president of the
bank.  It had required time to change clothing and to freshen herself up a bit.
She checked her watch nervously... ten o'clock.  It was not likely that Ray
would come up before noon and she could say she'd been shopping, if he missed
her.  God, if only this wasn't such a small town!

      There were long lines at the teller's windows in the bank and no one
seemed to notice Sally as she made her way to the rear of the main room until
one of the secretaries pointed the way to her. "Just go right on through, Mrs.
Denham, Mr. Quigg's expecting you."

      "Thank you."  Sally entered a thickly carpeted hallway.  She was quite
surprised at the plush atmosphere of Mr. Quigg's office... it was furnished
almost as a library or living room.  In place of the customary filing cabinets
and steel furniture there were gracious colonial pieces, big chairs and period
lamps.  Recorded music played softly in the background.

      She had not seen John Blodgett since -- since that day -- and the sight
of his handsome figure came as a shock, arousing as it did those incredible
memories of the event she hoped to forget eventually.

      "Well, here's little Miz Denham," he said with his bland joviality, "You
doin' all right, Sally?"

      She nodded, not trusting herself to speak, and also inclined her head to
Lee Quigg whom she did not know well.  The blonde good looks of his twin sister
had been transmuted in Lee to a rather weak handsomeness in a slim, wiry frame.
He had only a pale echo of his twin's vitality and was nowhere near so forceful
as his brother-in-law either.  Still, he was the Quigg heir and the president
of this financial institution and thus someone to be reckoned with in his own
right.  Smiling pleasantly at her, he pressed a little button on his desk.
"Nell?  We'll be in conference.  No interruptions, please, I don't care who
calls."

      "Have a seat, Sally," Blodgett invited, "and I'll just fix us all
somethin' cold to drink."  She sank into an overstuffed chair and watched him
work at the bar with its small built-in ice maker, mixing three potent drinks
which he handed around.

      "Are the papers ready?" Sally asked, determined to conduct affairs in a
businesslike manner.  She assumed that Blodgett would not have told Lee about
what had taken place in her apartment... as Lauralee's brother, he could hardly
approve of extra-marital affairs or so she naively thought.

      "Not quite," John answered, seating himself on the arm of her chair and
placing his arm over her shoulder, "That's why I called you over, honey.  It
seems there's a matter of a little more... collateral... that has to be put
up."  The pretty nervous bride stiffened and looked from one man to the other.

      "But you promised --!  Don't think you can back out of this, John
Blodgett, I intend to hold you to our agreement," she looked him full in the
face, purposefully.

      "Don't you go gettin' on your high horse, now," he chided softly, but the
threat was distinct in his gravely-voice, "I made my recommendation to Lee
here, but he says it's pretty irregular, makin' a loan to folks that don't have
any money or, collateral and he's not sure the Board will stand for it unless
he sort of comes out strong and rams it down their throats. 'Course he could
lend the money private, if he was of a mind to."

      "Would you do that, Mr. Quigg?" Sally asked bravely. Suddenly she felt
John Blodgett's large hand reaching down the open V-neck of her dress while at
the same time he bent his head to hers and kissed the pearly lobe of her ear,
running the tip of his tongue around the shell-like configuration of her ear.
She gripped the chair-arms in shock and embarrassment.  To her amazement, Lee
Quigg did not seem to find John's behavior at all surprising.  In fact, he
watched avidly, his cold banker's eyes lighting with salacious lust as Blodgett
further displayed his domination over the helpless woman by continuing to
rummage in her dress until he had secured her left nipple in his fingers and
began to tweak it to painful hardness.  Sally's pale face flooded with crimson
as the blood rushed to her cheeks.  She wanted to leap up, to strike
Blodgett... pummel him with her fists, but she couldn't make a move and sat
mesmerized with the awful knowledge that everything, he was even abetting John
Blodgett in his lechery and blackmail!  Most incredible of all, on the other
side of the heavy office door the business of Quiggville was going on just as
usual, without a single citizen to know or to care that an innocent woman could
be terrorized... or worse... by the town's two leading businessmen and that it
could take place right in the bank manager's office!

      Beads of perspiration broke out on Sally's forehead as Quigg pushed back
his chair and began to walk toward her, his fingers twisting together in
anticipation.  Oh God, God, God... her breasts were rising, straining the taut
fabric of her dress and she could not control their erotic stimulation under
the roughly pinching fingers of John Blodgett, any more than she could stop the
sudden feathery twinges that were descending from the erogenous zone of her
breast down to the "vee" between her legs.

      The fact was that Sally Denham had not had any more sexual satisfaction
since that day in her living room with Blodgett and the big German Shepherd.  A
few days later she had permitted her husband to make love to her, but the
experience had, if anything, been even more of a failure than usual.  She'd
been so terrified that he could somehow guess she was a changed woman, and that
another man had succeeded in arousing the passion that her own beloved Ray had
never been able to, that she lay in his arms like a stone.  Ray had finished
with her quickly, satisfied his own needs and left her unrelieved, yet still
aching with pent-up emotion and an agonized wish for the ultimate sensation she
had enjoyed with her husband's boss.

      She did not want Blodgett... she hated him more than ever for his cruel
ravishing of her and the further subjugation of forcing her to copulate with
his dog... but as his lewd hands once more roamed at will over her body she
could not help being aroused and much more quickly than on the first occasion.
His free hand was now caressing the soft contours of her flat belly, causing
her to wriggle her buttocks deeper into the chair and clamp her thighs together
tightly in a vain effort to stop the ripples of prurient desire that were
weakening her loins.  The warmth of the whiskey which she had drunk too hastily
was also spreading rapidly through her veins and contributing to her unwanted
excitement.

      Lee Quigg stopped in front of her chair and smiled down at her obvious
discomfort, his thin lips pulled back over even white teeth.  By God, he was
thinking enviously, you had to hand it to Big John!  He had delivered the
pretty, snotty little piano teacher just as he bet he would.  It sure did beat
everything, the way his brother-in-law could come up with women you'd never
dream would fuck with anyone but their husbands... this Sally looked like she
was getting ready to cry, but he had no doubt she'd go through with it and even
wind up enjoying it before they got finished with her.  That was the beauty of
having money and power... there was always another bitch who needed some of
what you had and would make a trade of what she had.  And, Christ, he couldn't
remember another piece of tail who had more than this one to offer!  If she
didn't get what she came for -- the loan -- at least she'd get a good fuck
thrown into her, which in Quigg's opinion was all a woman ever needed anyway.
They had no place trying to mess around with business deals.

      "You see, honey," John was explaining to Sally as his hand reached the
hem of her short dress and inexorably slipped under the cloth and upward along
her naked thigh, "Lee here is cutting himself into our arrangement... share and
share alike... and since he's the one with the funds, I advise you to go along.
You might even enjoy it," he winked at her as his palm found the tender inner
side of her thigh and established an intimate stroking contact that sent
delicious little tingles upward to the center of Sally's vainly resisting womb.
She was aware that her panties were damp from the unwanted secretion that was
seeping from her warmly aroused vagina in automatic response to Blodgett's
obscene titillation.  Her mind grappled with this new information... Lee Quigg
wanted to sample her, too... somehow, it was hardly even surprising... there
were few shocks left anymore, as her world seemed to disintegrate around her in
spite of her well-intentioned efforts to manage her own and her husband's
future. Wearied by the unrelenting pressure they were forcing upon her, she
suddenly threw her head back proudly and laughed.

      "So Mister Quigg wants something, too, does he?  Well, why not?  Why the
hell not?  Just tell me when, and where."

      "Why, right now," the younger man, chuckled, hands already going to his
belt.  "Here."

      "Here?" She blinked, "Y-you must be insane.  We can't do it here --"

      "Lock the door, John," Lee instructed, and Blodgett reluctantly withdrew
his hand from Sally's open legs.  She remained as she was, knees apart and
skirt pushed up around her hips so that the edge of her virginal white panties
was visible. Her wide-eyed magnetized gaze was drawn irresistibly to Lee
Quigg's long hard penis which he had drawn from his open fly.  The obscene
sight shocked her into abrupt realization of her position and that he was
planning to put that thing up inside her... now, here.  She shivered, unable to
tear her eyes away from the ridged, blue-veined shaft that was standing
spear-like straight out from his loins.  Sensing again her own wetness, the
trapped young housewife ground her hips frantically downward in a vain attempt
to soothe the maddening tingle of her throbbing cuntal slit.  Her pitiful
supply of courage was rapidly deserting her and she regretted her attempt at
brazen acceptance of the fact that she had to let Lee Quigg make love to her
also.  But God, what else could she do but see the nightmarish thing through?
What difference did it really make if one more man put his thing in her and
pumped her full of his lewd sperm?

      "Stand up, girl," Quigg was massaging his long staff into even greater
hardness, pulling back the thick foreskin to expose the bulbous head of his
aching cock.  "I want to see all of you."

      It took but a moment to remove Sally's clothing, with Blodgett helping,
and then she stood stark naked in the middle of the office before the two men,
slight goose-flesh dappling her creamy skin as she shivered in the cool
air-conditioned atmosphere while perspiration still continued to dampen her
flushed, beautiful face.

      "Oh, Jesus, will you look at that!" Quigg exclaimed in something akin to
awe.  She was perfection, this tall girl with the voluptuously proportioned
breasts and slender waist... the long, long legs... the mysterious little
triangular mound of her sex.  His cock throbbed as he surveyed her, and he
placed one hand on her hip, just where it began to curve, and moved closer, his
stiff cock pressing against her thigh while his hands slipped to her tense,
flat stomach and began to massage it.  His face loomed above her, so close she
could feel his warm whiskey-laden breath. Sally could not deny that he was
producing an unwelcome fascination deep within her, his hands were strangely
comforting in their warmth, while the feel of his penis as it poked close to
her dilating vagina, instigated a thrill of erotic sensation. Then, he moved
his hands to the ripely swelling mounds of her breasts, thumb tips pressing the
nipples in.  As she stared down at the unfamiliar hands manipulating her
breasts, she was engulfed in a consuming wave of passion that ripped away her
flimsy defenses.

      "God, you are a luscious thing!" Lee muttered, and his mouth closed over
one berry-like nipple.  Sally thought her body had taken fire as he began to
suck.  She squirmed and wriggled automatically spreading her legs apart to the
cool wafting breeze of the air-conditioning.  His hand snaked down and parted
the hair-fringed lips of her heated cunt, gently slipping his middle finger
into its wetness.  As she wrenched her hips against the probing finger, a sense
of shame fleetingly overcame the young wife even as the prurient quivers
rippled through her loins while he slowly probed deeper and deeper into the
moistly pulsating cavern.

      Sally groaned aloud in her struggle against his burning lips at her
breast and the tantalizing finger in her tingling cunt. "Ohhhh... ooooh," she
whined helplessly as he kept up his assault on her exposed body.  "Ooooohh...
yes... please!"

      "Come on... I'll... fuck you on the couch," he grunted.

      As always the obscene word caused an inward reaction in Sally, but this
time it excited more than repelled her and she hissed back at him, "Yesss!" and
he eased her backward and down, down.  She saw him kneeling over her, his face
a mask of carnal lust, and her eyes slid downward to the rigid penis jutting
angrily from his abdomen.  She gaped at it in utter misery, filled with shame
as she once again realized what she was about to do and hated her own naked
body that lay willingly stretched out under him.  But as she looked, the
unmistakable pull of desire gripped her loins.  The purplish head of his
monstrous cock looked like a giant fist... big enough to split her apart...
God, she couldn't take that in her... never!

      "Oh God," she wailed forlornly as he dropped down on her and the hardness
of his rod surged against her belly like a cudgel. She quaked beneath him,
gasping as he guided his rock-hard shaft to the passion-wet entrance of her
vagina, using the smooth bulbous head to separate her fringed cunt lips.  The
electrifying instant of contact with his male organ sent shudders of pleasure
racing through her spread-eagled body.  She hardly dared move as he continued
to push against her tight hole, causing intense pain as he stretched her
sensitive skin.

      "Ooooohh," she moaned.

      He pressed forward again and the ponderous cock-head burst its way into
the warmly palpitating opening.  "Please... you're hurting me!" she begged.
"Please, no more!"

      Quigg continued the violating impalement, his lust-engorged staff slowly
moving inch by torturing inch up into her unwilling vagina.  As he settled down
upon her she thought she would burst from the pressure which filled her so
completely that she could feel every corded wrinkle of his penis that cruelly
stretched her vaginal walls.  He lay quiet for a second, then flexed his cock
and plunged deeper into her writhing young belly.

      "Aaaaagggghhhhh!" Sally groaned up at him, but then as her
desire-inflamed pussy gradually adjusted itself to the barbaric bulk of his
penis, her whimpers of pain changed unobtrusively to mewls of pleasure.  Quigg
began a rocking motion of his hips that sent his swollen rod of male flesh
crushing into her vagina until the blood-gorged head pounded cruelly against
her cervix.  He stroked back and forth in ecstatic rhythm.  Jesus, her fucking
cunt would drive a man out of his mind!

      Sally began to move her hips in harmony with his, while from her mouth
emitted unmistakable sounds of her building passion. She had forgotten
everything for the moment, everything but Quigg's thick cock buried deep inside
her... fucking her.  Her body reacted automatically to the stimulating thought,
and lewd words escaped from her own panting lips.

      "Come on, come on," she hummed, "fuck harder... fuck me harder!"  Her own
use of the obscene term further excited her and she gasped with delight as
Quigg reached up under her grinding buttocks and jerked them up even tighter to
his hard thrusting loins.  The passion incensed young housewife drove her
throbbing wet split desperately up against his pounding hardness, all pain
forgotten and lost in the unbearable bliss of the moment. Gurgling, velvety
sounds burst from deep in her throat as her taut-muscled legs flailed out on
either side of his long, spearing cock.  I

      Her husband Ray had never been like this, or even Blodgett... there had
never been such intense feeling as this, and she never wanted it to end.  Sally
wanted more, much more... all there was.  She was an adulteress, she knew it,
she was a whore... perhaps a slave... but God, at least she was a woman.  A
woman lying under a man and letting him ram his big cock right up into her
womb, and oh, oh, oh... it was so good!

      The two on the couch had forgotten that they were being watched -- if
indeed they cared at all, so absorbed were they in satisfying their own lewd
pleasures.

      After locking the office door, Lee Quigg's brother-in-law had poured
himself another drink and sat down to sip Jack Daniels while he salaciously
reveled in his voyeur's role.  John Blodgett could not sit still very long
under such obvious erotic pressure, though, and he soon set down his empty
glass and moved over nearer to the low, massive couch for a closer look at the
action.  His own penis was jumping wildly as he pulled over a footstool and
settled his big body down on it, legs apart.  He licked at the corners of his
mouth, grinning loosely as he leaned forward to see better Sally's hair-lined
cunt where it was split by the glistening, angry red cock that was rhythmically
burying itself to the hilt up between her fleshy, wide stretched lips.  Lee's
balls swung lewdly between his legs, slapping resoundingly against the hapless
young girl's full, upthrust ass cheeks.  God, she was taking a pounding from
him and still begging for more... if Lee couldn't satisfy her, he damn well
could, Blodgett mused, and would!  His fingers slipped to his bulging fly...
he'd had a hard on ever since the little whore walked into the office and right
now his cock felt like it was going to erupt if that son-of-a-bitch Lee didn't
hurry up so he could have his turn at her.

      Perspiration poured from the girl as she struggled toward her climax, and
her contorted features were hardly recognizable... her neck muscles were
distended and her soft red lips opened and closed with her passionate,
subservient moans.  A drop of saliva glistened in the tiny corner of her mouth.

      Jesus H. Christ, what was he waiting for, Blodgett marveled? Hot as she
was, let her service both of them at once... he'd fill her at one end, Lee
would fill her at the other.  Hastily, he unzipped his pants and brought out
his tremendously swollen instrument that was dusky red with his charged, hot
blood.  He moved purposefully toward her bobbing head, his hotly throbbing cock
extending from his loins at a forty-five degree angle... the couch was low,
exactly the right height, in fact... John Blodgett lowered himself to his knees
and presented the writhing Sally with the smooth tip of his aching male flesh,
dipping it before her shocked, startled eyes.

      God, she couldn't comprehend, at first, what he was doing... she could
only gape at the huge bulbous head with its tiny gland oozing a lewd drop of
pre-cum.  Involuntarily she reacted by drawing her lips back over her teeth and
cringing from the menacing shaft even as the mere sight of it caused lustful
thrills to shoot through her sex-starved body.  Then, suddenly, it dawned on
her what he wanted... he wanted her to put his penis in her mouth... taste
it... suck it!  Had not Quigg already aroused her to the point of near orgasm,
Sally doubted if she could ever have done such an unnatural thing.  His cock,
by its very size, would choke her... gag her!  Yet, she could not take her eyes
away from it as he guided it right up to her very lips.  Her own little hand
unaccountably came up from her side and took over, grasping the blood-engorged
rod and steadying it, pulling it ever closer... she drew a deep breath and slid
out her tongue to touch the rubbery tip, so hard beneath and yet so soft at
first delicious contact!

      She swirled her tongue tip slowly around the glistening cock-head until
it located the minute gland and dipped into it to savor the tiny drop of
seminal moisture.  Her nostrils flared with excitement at the forbidden taste
and her fingers moved down the erect shaft, pushing the foreskin gently back
until the naked head stood out... she parted her lips, wetting them with her
tongue, and gradually slipped the spongy head between them, rubbing it against
the cushioned ridge of her teeth... swallowing it further and further into the
moist welcoming cavern of her virginal mouth.

      "That's it, honey," John Blodgett rasped, "suck it harder!" And he began
to move his hips slowly back and forth against her face.  She did suck harder,
quivering with excitement at the perverted, debasing act she was committing.
God, how she must look with the two men impaling her with their obscene
cocks... it was unthinkable, and her cunt pulsed ever faster as she did think
of it while her mouth tightened around the penis that was rammed so far into
her mouth she could feel the wiry pubic hair of John Blodgett brushing her
cheeks.

      As Sally Denham's cunt spasmed under him, Lee Quigg battered her with
ever increasing force, pulling his shaft almost entirely out of the velvety
moist sheath and then lunging forward as her vagina sucked voraciously at him
with lewd wet smacking noises. His sperm-loaded balls whacked against her
tautly puckered anus, wet from the moisture which was seeping from her cunt to
run down the crevice between her legs.

      Fully occupied as she was, the tricked young housewife had yet time to
think with masochistic shudders of bliss that soon, any moment now, John
Blodgett would spew his sticky, white sperm into her mouth, exactly as he would
to some filthy whore.  What would it taste like?  Could she take it?  Her
tongue swirled furiously over the near-exploding hardness.

      "Sweet Jesus!" John Blodgett clutched at her head, seizing the trailing
brown tendrils of her hair.  He gave another stifled moan and pulled her head
up from the cushion driving it down on his aching member until all that was
visible of his cock was a little bit at the base where it protruded from
Sally's voraciously ovalled lips.  Suddenly, Sally felt his penis begin to jerk
inside her mouth.

      Lee Quigg gaped in disbelief from his position over her as her throat
constricted... she swallowed... and then again, and again... gulping down great
torrents of the steaming hot sperm Blodgett was squirting down her virgin
throat.  Her cheeks filled and hollowed obscenely as the madly jerking penis
emptied itself endlessly into the receptive cavern of the girl's sweet young
mouth.  She kept up her sucking motions, draining him even as his deflating
cock slipped from her mouth, still dribbling sticky strings of the hot sperm
which the enraptured girl licked hungrily from her lips and the corners of her
mouth.  Below, her own moisture flowed even faster, bathing Quigg's pumping
cock as it slipped wetly in and out of her drenched pussy.

      Quigg's aching balls seemed ready to split asunder from the pressure
growing within them, and his head swam with the urgent need to shoot his
boiling seed into her.  He fucked her with frenzied lust and she cried out, but
from the sheer pleasure of the battering he was giving her which made her pant
and cough ecstatically.  Now he looked away from her wet, contorted face and
down at his burgeoning cock, gliding smoothly in and out of her unbelievably
insatiable cunt.  God, he had to cum soon or blow his mind.  He rummaged
beneath her sensuously gyrating buttocks and poked with his middle finger at
the tiny elastic hole of her anus.

      "Ooooohhh..." she exclaimed happily, "yes... yes... stick your finger
in!" and she jerked her buttocks forward against his finger, aiding him to pop
through the constricting ring into the spongy interior of her rectum.  "Ouch!"
she squealed in pain, but then as her virgin back passage became accustomed to
the unnatural invasion, she began not to mind and to feel acute pleasure from
his debasing finger stuck up her rectum while his wonderful hard cock plundered
her quivering belly.

      Through the thin, muscular wall separating her vagina and rectum Quigg
felt his own pistoning shaft.  He wormed the finger deeper, causing her to
writhe and grind her pussy up and down on both impaling instruments.  "Oh...
oh... ooohhhh," Sally chanted, flexing her long silken legs, toes curling, head
thrust back.

      "I think... I feel... God, yes, it's happening... I'm cuming again... I'm
going to cummmmmmm!"

      Sally's limber body jack-knifed beneath Quigg, mouth open in a continuous
sobbing wail of delight and her cuntal walls sucking hungrily as her pussy
gushed forth its liberated sticky cum to bathe his plundering length.  Spurred
almost to madness by her climax that seemed unending in its intensity, Quigg
burrowed deeper into her seething slit, slamming her flaming pussy with every
ounce of his strength until he felt the rush of his own bubbling hot cum shoot
from his balls and race up his shaft to spray wildly out the tip, and he was
lost in a hot deep pool of sensuality as his cum blended with hers in the
overflowing interior of her warmly clasping vagina.

      Her firm young body collapsed beneath him although still impaled on his
throbbing rod of flesh that was only now beginning to soften, its mission
accomplished.  He levered up on his arms and pulled backward out of her with a
faint sucking noise, and Sally purred deep in her throat with satisfaction. She
was dimly conscious of the slow trickle of semen that dripped from her slit to
wet the cushion under her buttocks.


                                 Sally And Duke
                                   Chapter 5

      A few minutes later when she had sufficiently recovered her senses, Sally
Denham sat up.  Both men, she observed, had cleaned themselves up in a small
adjoining powder room and she now walked with all the dignity she could muster
into the little tiled enclosure to wash her face and try to make herself
presentable enough to leave the bank.  She came out of the room and began to
dress silently.

      "Here," John Blodgett helped her with the zipper of her dress and Quigg
collected her shoes and purse.  They seemed to want to be quickly rid of her,
but she had inherited the stubbornness and tenacity of her New England
ancestors and was not about to leave without the thing she had come for.

      "Now," she eyed the brothers-in-law coolly, "when can Ray take over the
drugstore?  Are the papers ready?"

      Lee Quigg raised his light blonde eyebrows and shrugged, obviously
washing his hands of the whole business.  Blodgett's husky voice dropped to a
patronizing tone.  "Honey, I did exactly what I promised.  I asked Lee to
approve the loan, I pestered him about it.  But I'm afraid there's too much
risk involved.  He'll go maybe as high as fifteen thousand, if you can raise
the rest someplace else.  Now, I'm real sorry, but that's it."

      There was absolute stillness, except for the piped-in music and the
steady hum of the air conditioner.  Sally Denham's small chin went up.  She
stared with utter contempt first at John Blodgett, then let her withering
glance rest on Lee Quigg.

      "That isn't good enough," she said at last, "you'll have to do better
than that, gentlemen.  Because if you don't... everyone in Quiggville,
Tennessee is going to hear about you two, -- starting with my husband!"

      She swung her purse defiantly over her shoulder and started to walk out.
Lee Quigg stopped her.  "Hold on, Sally.  L-Let's not do anything hasty.  As a
woman, you have the most to lose if there was any, uh, scandal."

      "Ah, but that's where you're wrong," she smiled like a cat in cream,
"because if we don't get the drugstore, Ray and I will simply pull up and move
somewhere where no one's ever heard of us, and make a fresh start.  It's you
two who will have to live the scandal down right here."

      John Blodgett stepped in between them, taking Sally by the arm.  "We'll
talk it over some more," he agreed, "Here, you wait in the Board Room," he
unlocked the door and steered her rapidly down the hall, pushing her into
another room, "Give me a few minutes with Lee -- I'm going to do what I can,
Christ, I'm trying..." he pulled the door to let her in and left the wearied
girl staring at the gleaming bare surface of the long table and the twelve
stiff empty chairs that surrounded it.  After a moment of indecision she sat
down at the head of the table... no longer believing anything Blodgett said,
but still not wanting to leave as long as any chance remained... she put her
face down against the cool, almost sensual smoothness of the table and closed
her eyes.  Did she have the courage to tell her husband what she'd done?  She
wasn't sure.  God help her, she wasn't sure of anything any more.

      Lee Quigg had started in accusingly on his brother-in-law as soon as
Blodgett re-entered the office.  "Oh, buddy, you bought us a peck of trouble
this time.  What are you gonna do about her? She's really mad, John, she's not
like the others.  You know Ray Denham is just liable to take a shotgun to us?"

      "Shut up," Blodgett rasped savagely, "That bitch isn't going to run and
tell her old man she put out to both of us, she's not that crazy..."  He
snapped his fingers, "Got it!"  He picked up the telephone and dialed swiftly,
talking fast as his number rang, "What we have to do is discredit her, that way
if she does tell, no one will believe her...  Hello, Eula?  Get me Tully, and
this is important!  Get him on the line just as fast as you can."  He mopped at
his brow with a handkerchief as he waited.  There was an intercom system
connecting the main house with the dairy barn, and in a few seconds the line
clicked and Tully, the man who managed the farm, spoke into the receiver.

      "How fast can you get into town?" Blodgett barked into the telephone,
"OK, here's what I want you to do.  Drop whatever you're doing, and bring me
some of that Spanish Fly -- that's right, what you've got for the cows -- and
bring it in here to me at the bank.  Not my office, I'm downstairs in Quigg's
office. And Tully -- you hustle, you hear?"

      A dazed, comprehending expression crept over Lee Quigg's weak face as he
listened to the conversation and absorbed its implications.  "John, what are
you thinking of?  You aren't going to use that stuff -- you aren't going to
give Spanish Fly to that girl in there?  John, that stuff is dangerous, it can
be poisonous to humans!"

      "Give me some credit for not being a fool," the other man answered.
"She'll get just enough.  I didn't reckon on giving her what it takes to make
one of those cows of mine hot, 'cause we already know it doesn't take too much
of anything to get the little bitch that way.  Tully'll be here inside of
fifteen minutes.  He knows how to floorboard that pickup truck, so calm down.
Christ, I'm the one with high blood pressure and you're sweating like a mule!"

      They lit cigarettes and waited and in a few minutes there was a rap on
the door and Tully entered.  He was a burly southerner of the type often
referred to as a "red-neck," who had worked for Blodgett for years and was well
acquainted with his employer's tastes and quirks.  He handed over a little
packet and received a shot of whiskey for his trouble, then was told to wait
for a further errand.  Lee Quigg watched dubiously as Blodgett measured out a
portion of the aphrodisiac into a glass and added liquor, soda and ice.  "Go
get her," he grinned lewdly, swirling the glass.

      For some reason Quigg assumed his professional bank manager's attitude
when he went to call Sally.  "All right, Mrs. Denham, will you come into my
office now?"  She rose and followed him warily.  To her surprise a stranger,
evidently a farmer, was sitting in one of the big chairs.

      "It's all right, Sally," Blodgett remarked, "This is Tully Fairchild, he
works for me and we can talk in front of him.  Here, let's have a drink all
around to show there's no hard feelings.  I guess you're going to get your way,
little lady..." the patent falseness of his tone went unnoticed by Sally, she
was so wrung out from her experiences and mental anguish.  "I want you to go
home now.  Mr. Quigg is drawing up the papers, just like you wanted..."

      "Then I can tell Ray?" she broke into a smile of relief, happiness and a
sense of victory flooding her entire being.

      "Hadn't you better let Lee call him?  So's he won't wonder how you came
to hear about it first?"

      "Oh... oh, of course.  I don't want Ray to know that I... that I had
anything to do with it.  But there'll be no more tricks!"

      "Ray will get a call," he assured her solemnly, "within the half hour.
And I hope that you and I will be seeing each other again... from time to
time."  His steely eyes raked her with the bold assumption of mastery over her
will, and she dropped her own eyes in confusion, unable to repress the little
twinge of excitement that cascaded from her belly down to her genital area. She
had accepted the drink rather reluctantly, but now she sipped at it and thought
fleetingly that it must have been mixed by Quigg... the proportions or the
ingredients were different, giving it a peculiar flavor.  She was aware of the
man Tully's gaze on her and wondered vaguely why they had admitted him to the
office when Quigg had left instructions they were not to be disturbed.  She
continued the polite charade which was rather ludicrous in view of the intimacy
the three had recently shared, and shook hands with the brothers-in-law as they
ushered her out.

      Her legs, as she crossed the square, seemed not quite connected with her
body so that it was difficult to walk in a straight line.  When she got home
she would wash her face with cold water and fix some strong black coffee... she
had to get sobered up... actually, she hated liquor and didn't care if she
never drank it again.

      On reaching the sanctuary of her apartment, however, Sally didn't get
around to making the coffee right away.  She lay down on the bed with a cold
washcloth over her brow to relieve her sudden light-headed, dizzy feeling.  She
must change her clothes... her panties felt horribly sticky and damp.  Sally
sat up and removed her dress and slip, then fell back on the bed again clad in
nothing but her brassiere and panties.  Ray would be shocked to find her this
way, but it felt so deliciously cool and her skin was suddenly so hot, all
over.  She pictured Ray standing there in the doorway, seeing her... and she
unconsciously spread her legs apart as her breath began coming faster.  When he
saw her lying there he would naturally want to make love to her, and she could
imagine his erection... his great, long cock standing out from his wiry black
pubic hair.

      "Oooooohh," she murmured sensuously, her hand moving to slip under the
narrow waistband of her panties and massage the smooth tense flesh of her
belly.  She wanted her husband now as she had never wanted him before, nor any
man.  She wanted him with her, inside her... oh, God, she wanted his mighty
cock to tear her apart and fill her... fill her belly.  She groaned again,
dimly ashamed of her own self for the unabashed wantonness of her thoughts, and
this handling of herself such as a naughty child might do for prurient
pleasure.  Her fingers crept downward to her sparse female hair that was still
soaked with her dried cum and with sperm... God, with Lee Quigg's lewd sperm!

      Wriggling ecstatically, Sally separated her own soft cunt lips and
touched her middle finger to the tiny erect projection of her clitoris.  Lord,
she was afire down there!  What was happening to her, had she gone sex-mad,
shamelessly masturbating and violating herself this way?  Oh, Ray, she begged
soundlessly, I need you, darling, I need you to fuck me!  It will be good this
time, darling... so-o-o-o good... I'll make it good for you, just give me your
wonderful cock!

      With desperate fumbling haste she rotated her fingers around her
throbbing clitoris, but it wasn't enough... she ground her buttocks together in
helpless lust and rammed her entire small fist up against the burning flesh of
her cock-craving pussy as the powerful aphrodisiac in her bloodstream drove
her, completely unaware of the cause, into ever-increasing frenzy.


                                 Sally And Duke
                                   Chapter 6

      As he entered the swinging door of the bank, Ray Denham was keeping his
fingers crossed, mentally.  In recent days he had come to understand that he
was hoping to acquire the drugstore almost as much for his wife Sally's sake as
for his own.  At the party they had attended at the country club, she had been
so different... and it was only then he had realized how routine and boring her
life must have been since he brought her here to Quiggville. The excitement of
an evening out had brought a sparkle to her he rarely saw, especially when
she'd been asked to dance so much and had chatted with the other wives.  Of
course she'd had too much to drink, but he could even forgive that under the
circumstances. When -- if -- they began to earn a good income from the
drugstore, Sally could take her rightful place in the social life of the tight
little community and he himself could afford to be more sociable and unbend a
little from his driving all work, no play schedule.  Everything depended on Lee
Quigg's decision... which he would know in minutes now, after waiting so long.

      Ray shook hands with the bank manager and nodded to John Blodgett as they
welcomed him into the office.  Both men had been drinking and had evidently
been at it most of the morning, he thought, but their faces were as sober as if
they had recently taken the pledge.  He sat down in the indicated chair.

      "Well, Ray, I didn't mean to put you off so long," Lee Quigg began, "the
fact is this has been a difficult loan application for me, one of the most
difficult ones that I reckon I've ever run up against."

      The somber tone of his voice warned Ray even more than the cautious
choice of words that his application had been rejected, and his whole lanky
body seemed to sag in defeat.

      "The Board of Directors simply wouldn't go for lending you any money,"
Quigg continued, "although John and I both spoke in your favor and did what we
could to change their minds.  Now, that's all I'm obligated to tell you -- that
your application was turned down.  But I feel I have a... a moral obligation to
give you the reason."

      "That's all right," Ray said bitterly, "I'm aware of the reasons -- no
cash, no backing -- no loan."

      "It wasn't that Ray.  You stand very high in the opinions of people in
this town.  You're a hard worker and a good manager... a fine credit risk. And
I'm sure that you don't understand, or even suspect, why the Board wouldn't go
along.  I -- well, damn it, this is kind of out of my line --"

      "What Lee is trying to say," John Blodgett broke in smoothly, "is that
this is a very small town, Ray, where everybody knows just about everything
about everybody else.  And it's a very moral town... good, church-going people.
People that just don't like to do business with someone they feel is not one
hundred percent up to those high standards of behavior.  Now I'm going to be
blunt, son, because there's just no other way.  Frankly, the general consensus
of feeling around town is that while you rate very high -- well, your wife just
doesn't fit in as a member of our strait-laced little community."

      This statement was so ludicrous that at first Ray was not sure he was
hearing right.  Sally -not fit in Quiggville?  Why, she was so far above the
average local housewife in brains, education, character, and looks that there
was not one woman he'd met here who could even come close to her.  In his
amazement, he at first rationalized that someone was jealous of Sally... maybe
they had misinterpreted her natural reserve for snobbishness.  "You've got to
be kidding!" he exclaimed.  "Christ, you know Sally.  You know that's the most
absurd piece of bullshit... who says she doesn't fit in?  For that matter,
what's her personality got to do with it anyway?"

      "Simmer down, Ray.  We're not talking about Sally's personality... I'm
afraid it's a hell of a lot more serious than that.  It's her morals that folks
are questioning."

      "Now, look here..." Ray came up out of his chair, one hand pulled back
into a fist.

      "Hold on, hold on!" Blodgett cried quickly, "You got to listen to us...
We know how you feel.  Do you think this is easy for me n' Lee to do, talk to a
man this way about his wife?"

      "All right," with a masterful effort that left his face white, Ray
controlled his temper.  "So what are the local witches saying about Sally? That
she wears mini-skirts, I suppose?  She doesn't make it to church every Sunday?"

      "You better have a drink, Ray," Lee Quigg interposed, and he fetched one.
"Now, I said all along maybe it's a psychiatric problem.  When I first heard
the talk I didn't believe it either... I said it's got to be some kind of
mental quirk that the gal can't help..."

      "Heard what talk?" the bewildered husband demanded, "What the hell are
you guys trying to say?  What's wrong with my wife?"

      "The fact is," John Blodgett's voice dropped to a lower register and he
sat down opposite Ray and leaned forward confidentially, "She's been seen with
various men.  Some of them --  I won't name names -- have bragged about going
out with her."

      Ray hurled his glass at the opposite wall, where it shattered against the
paneling, and leaped at his boss, nearly throttling him before Lee Quigg
succeeded in pulling him away and wrestling him to a halt.

      "It's true, Denham!" Quigg rasped.  "It's all true.  Get hold of
yourself, now.  Why the hell would we be telling you this if it wasn't the
truth?"

      Blodgett's purpling face slowly regained its normal ruddy hue.  "Y'see,"
he pointed out, "we could have just turned down the loan, but we figured a man
ought to know about it when his wife is putting out.  Naturally the husband is
always the last poor son-of-a-bitch to find out."

      "It can't be," Ray said at last, groping his way to a chair as the room
seemed to spin around him and their faces and voices blurred.  "It can't be!"
His Sally, his sweet innocent bride... dating other men, causing a scandal...
cheating?  He knew her better than that, knew everything there was to know
about her, loved her... worshipped her.  She wasn't capable of such a thing.
Never.  "There's a mistake somewhere," he declared.  "Something has been...
misinterpreted, blown up out of proportion.  I know Sally too well!"

      "I pray you're right," John Blodgett said fervently, "but it looks bad.
Now that you're takin' the news a little better and more sensible-like, I'm
going to tell you the worst, Ray.  They're saying in the beer gardens and
joints around town that your wife is a nymphomaniac, that she'll take on
anyone.  They go right up to your place while you're in the store!  I didn't
believe it myself, Ray, hell, who could when they'd met that sweet little gal?
But when even the women got wind of it and started yakking about the scandal --
well, you know my office windows look right out on the square?"  Ray nodded,
"I've seen it myself, son, seen men, even young punk kids, going in at your
door.  Now that of itself don't prove anything... but it don't look good,
either."

      "No," Ray shook his head, "Sally wouldn't do anything like that in... in
our own house.  There is an explanation, there must be.  Maybe... I thought her
piano pupils were all girls, but t-there could be boys.  One thing, I'm going
to find out what's going on... and if you've slandered my wife, I'll sue you
for every cent in this God damned bank!"

      "I've had my say," the silver-tongued Blodgett looked pained at Ray's
threatening statement, "There's just one thing more.  If you were to go home
right now, Ray, I think you'd find Sally with a visitor.  I saw a fellow go in
just about the time you came over here."

      With a strangled exclamation, the young pharmacist leaped up and headed
for the door.

      "Hold on!" Lee Quigg called after him, "John and I are coming along... we
don't want any murders or mayhem..."  They followed his loping pace at a brisk
trot, but could not keep up with the long, fevered strides of the younger man.
"Go on, Lee," Blodgett panted, "I'm going to bring Duke.  All hell may break
loose over there!"  His car was handily parked at the curb and it took only
seconds to release the big German Shepherd from the rear.  The dog bounded
ahead as if he knew their destination by instinct.

      It would have been impossible to chart Ray Denham's thoughts as he ran
half-blindly in the direction of his home, unseeing of cars that narrowly
missed him or acquaintances who spoke when he passed them with his head down.
He felt as though both body and mind were dissolving into pieces, blown apart
by the shattering suggestion that his young bride was unfaithful... an
adulteress... and in the eyes of the righteous hypocrites of Quiggville, little
better than a whore!

      Never!  He couldn't accept it... there would have had to be some hint...
she couldn't pretend to him, or live a lie like that, they were too close.
Besides, he of all people in the world knew that Sally was not and never could
be a nymphomaniac.  She was, in fact, the next thing to frigid!  Sex caused a
revulsion in her that he was well aware of, to his sorrow, but that he had not
been able to overcome with all his patience and tenderness in approaching her.

      He stumbled... a ghastly thought had taken possession of his reeling
mind.  What if -- he'd heard of such women -- what if Sally had abnormal
desires? What if she could only be aroused by brutality, turned on by violent
sex? Unthinkable... but not impossible.  But why, then, hadn't she sought his
help, confided in him?

      If she had been unfaithful, well, it was too much to contemplate what he
would do in such a case.  He groaned in misery and apprehension as he pushed
open the unlocked first floor door. He stood there at the foot of the stairs
trying to compose himself sufficiently to... HE HEARD VOICES UP THERE.

      Christ, he wanted to run... take the steps three-at-a-time. But drumming
into him was the more dominant thought, easy... slowly... don't give her any
warning, catch her in the act.  He wanted to run... take the steps
three-at-a-time. But drumming into him was the more dominant thought, easy...
slowly... don't give her any warning, catch her in the act.  He mounted the
long flight, cat-like.

      Unreal.  The bedroom door was wide open.  They hadn't even taken the
trouble to close the door.  He moved in a vacuum, weightless... the room became
a giant bubble enclosing him and the couple on the bed... no sounds intruded
but their bestial cries as they urged each other on.

      The foremost sight which presented itself to the incredulous eyes of the
cuckolded husband was the enormous muscular white rump of a man on his knees,
hunching over the softer, smaller buttocks of his partner, spreading the
stretched white moons cruelly apart. Between the man's legs his hairy balls
hung down, dancing obscenely in the palpating fingers of a little feminine
hand... his wife's hand.

      The husband rocked back as though driven by an unseen fist, clutching the
door frame for support.  When he had partially recovered his senses, he started
to move forward again when his arm was seized from behind by the wheezing
figure of Lee Quigg who had just entered the doorway, his eyes, too, bugging
nearly out of their sockets.

      The son-of-a-bitch is fucking her in the ass, Ray groaned, his vision
narrowing to the hardened pole of flesh that disappeared completely into the
stretched, red hole between her flattened buttocks, drawing the tender pink
ridges of anal flesh back on the outward stroke.  Sally's face was not that of
a frigid woman.  Dear Jesus, no, she wasn't resisting the furious untamed
strokes that pummeled her unprotected ass-hole, she was undulating and waving
her upraised buttocks salaciously back on his god damn cock.  In dazed anguish
Ray stared down at the incredible wanton performance of his wife, and to his
sick amazement, Ray felt his own cock jerk with unwanted lust at the lurid
sight of this huge stranger burying his endless cock deep into the writhing
buttocks of his helplessly kneeling wife.  Christ, she was reveling in her own
debasement and being ass-fucked by this lousy brute... now she had her own
fingers up in her raging pussy and was yelling "Oh... Oh... Oh God!  It's
wonderful!  Fuck harder!  Harder... fill my belly with your cum!  Fill me!"

      "Jesus H. Christ," the ejaculation burst from John Blodgett, who had
joined them, "Look at her go," he marveled, as they stared, rooted, at the
perverted coupling which was taking place before their incredulous eyes.

      Next time I give Spanish Fly to a bitch, I'll take a turn at her first
myself, Blodgett was thinking.  He wouldn't have any further trouble with
either of the Denhams, he felt sure... Ray's getting his proof... all the proof
a man would ever need to know that his supposedly innocent wife was a whore...
as for Sally, she'd never be able to hold her head up in Quiggville when this
one got around.  There had been some anxious moments, but his experiment had
worked perfectly, after all.  He thought he saw great possibilities for the
future use of the aphrodisiac in keeping bitches like Sally Denham in line.

      And then, suddenly, a slim furred black and tan body slipped past the
three men and bounded right up on the bed with a joyous bark of recognition of
two people the dog knew well.

      "Duke!" Tully paused to mutter in surprise.  Where the hell had the dog
come from?  Followed him and pushed the door open? But it would have taken more
than Duke's presence to dislodge him from the girl's wide-stretched anus!

      As for Sally, nothing else mattered in the world at that moment, only the
awareness that instead of feeling shame and humiliation from the vile,
unspeakable act he was submitting her to, she felt only an uncontrollable
desire to reach the peak that was building... building tantalizingly deep
inside her... and as he increased his assault into her warm, spongy passage her
belly and loins screamed for release.  Trickles of moisture inched down the
gaping crevice between her straining ass-cheeks and on down the backs of her
thighs.

      Whining softly, the great, well-trained dog nuzzled eagerly at the naked
shoulders of the woman whose scent he remembered... his mate.  Instinctive
canine excitement had gripped his hairy flanks even as every man watching was
undeniably affected by the carnal vulgarity of the spectacle on the bed.  Had
it been another dog pumping into Sally's willingly upthrust buttocks, there is
no doubt Duke would have fought it for supremacy and the right to plunge his
own animal cock into her... but in these circumstances he only panted and
whined his distress and backed his hind legs, repeatedly against Sally's
kneeling form.

      "Oh... Duke, boy," she gasped out, raising her head to stare at the red,
shiny dart that was inching out of the dog's long black sheath.  He was
aroused... the dog wanted to fuck her, too, and why not, she asked herself...
they all wanted it -- men... dogs... the whole world wanted to fuck, and right
now... Oh God... right now she felt as if she could fuck the whole world and it
would not be enough, she could never get enough!

      "Holy Christ!" Lee Quigg exclaimed, "Duke's going after her... she wants
the God-damned dog, too, but there's no room for him to get in."

      Shifting her weight to one arm, Sally suddenly and involuntarily reached
out, under the animal's belly and touched the tapered, red, wet point of his
cock.  It fascinated her so she had to feel it, had to help the poor dumb beast
to satisfaction... he deserved it more than these filthy men who had used her
body for every unthinkable purpose, Duke was a hell of a lot nobler than they
were.  Patiently, as if he understood her efforts to relieve him, the animal
edged closer and closer until the woman's head was actually under his stomach
and she continued to carefully massage and play with his animal cock.

      "Suck it, bitch!  Suck it!" the lewd suggestion burst from Blodgett's
curled, sneering mouth.

      And she did.  She simply opened her mouth and let the slender red point
insert itself between her sensually parted lips... right into her mouth until
it nearly touched the back of her throat and she began to move her tongue
experimentally around the strange presence, savoring the sweet tangy taste.
Excitement at the vile, disgusting thing she was doing began to grow inside her
as the length of the growing shaft began to shoot into her mouth in regular
rhythm.  The perverted ecstasy of being fucked from behind into her anus while
the hard animal penis sawed into her ovalled mouth nearly drove her insane. She
wanted Duke to squirt his canine sperm into her mouth... wanted to taste his
hot cum... and she sucked hungrily at his quivering cock while Tully buried his
hard length in the forbidden depths of her ravaged rectum.

      Ray was nearly mad from the sight of the horrifying depravity taking
place in front of him, yet, perversely, his cock had swelled into painful
hardness that lay hotly against his stomach. His wife sucked on and on at
Duke's furiously pistoning shaft while guttural sounds of joy purred in her
throat.

      Suddenly, Duke whimpered as his glossy, strong body began to jerk
convulsively and his haunches curved inwards.  Sally's mouth was flooded with a
hot, thick stream of sticky liquid which threatened to choke her as it poured
lewdly down her desperately swallowing throat.  Voraciously, she sucked and
swallowed, gulping down the hot dog-cum as Duke whined again and her whole self
was filled with rapturous masochistic feelings of unnatural joy.  The organ
began quickly to deflate while she still held it between her clasping lips, and
then it withdrew from her and slipped back into its long sheath and the dog's
warmth retreated from her.

      Ray groaned inwardly as he watched his wife swallow the last pungent
drops of the animal cum, running the pink tip of her tongue delicately around
her lips to capture the last stringy drops.  And then, suddenly he saw her
mouth open again, gasping, as she uttered a scream and began to flail her head
wildly from side to side, her matted, tangled hair swinging over her
perspiration-soaked white shoulders.  He sensed that she was in the beginning
throes of an orgasm, and he stared hypnotized as she screwed her buttocks
salaciously back against Tully's bulk like a rutting bitch dog.  She screamed
and moaned again and again as she rammed back insanely.  She had never dreamed
that such wanton, abandoned pleasure could exist in this world... she was gone!

      Tully seized her white rounded buttocks as they began to contract
uncontrollably, signifying the intensity of her climax deep in her quaking
belly.  He forced her waving ass to near-stillness and looked down to see the
thick white fluid that oozed out of her pulsating, clasping cunt while her
asshole squeezed his prick until he thought it would blow apart.

      "Aaaaaaaahhhhh... Oooooohhhh," she moaned out her beautiful, overwhelming
release, rocked by diminishing spasms of unending bliss.

      "S-h-i-i-i-t," he mouthed, "I'm cumming!" and he rammed into her with
such force she thought his long prick would come up in her throat.  She felt
him behind her jerking against her flattened buttock moons and then a powerful
surge of swirling, sticky sperm shot deep up in her rectum, filling her,
flooding her back passage.  He gasped out a final groan of relief and she felt
him pulling back and out of her, until suddenly there was a lewd popping sound
and the cool blissful air poured into the forever-stretched hole of her
tortured anus.  Her milk-white buttocks gleamed wetly before the excited
on-lookers who could look right up her fringed pink pussy slit with its wet,
cum-soaked pubic hair, as she fell forward limply, exhausted.

                                  *    *    *

      Eula Babcock had remained for a long time with her hand still on the
receiver of the telephone, trying to come to a decision. She had overheard all
of the brief conversation between Mr. Blodgett and Tully Fairchild, and her
alert mind told her that something unusual was happening today in town.  She
knew Blodgett, knew every evil nuance of his warped personality and lust for
power.  She knew even better about his other lust, the insatiable sexual
appetite.  No woman was too important, nor too unimportant, for him to seduce.

      What in heaven's name did he want with the Spanish Fly?  The stuff was
available to every farmer or breeder who had a legitimate need of it, so why
should he send Tully so hastily to fetch it?  Whatever, she was sure he was up
to no good and she bet someone was going to get hurt.  She even could guess who
that someone was.

      But in a few weeks now she would be free... free for a long time and
maybe for good, of her despised boss.  They were going to Florida for the whole
winter and she would come out to the big house only every other week or so to
check on things.  And while Blodgett was away, Eula intended to be sure she got
pregnant. God, married four years now and she'd never dared, never been able to
stop taking the pill as long as she worked in this household, because if she'd
gotten pregnant there would be no way of knowing for sure whose baby it was,
her husband's or Blodgett's!

      Tears of shame welled up in her luminous eyes as she recalled for the
thousandth time the day she'd come to work here, fresh out of high school and
engaged to marry Luke Babcock... the day Blodgett had seen her and wanted her.
What chance had a poor little black girl had against a man of his cunning? He'd
owned her body just as surely as his ancestors had owned their slaves a century
ago.  After her wedding she thought he'd have the decency to leave her alone,
but of course he had no decency whatever... he simply controlled her now
through her husband... through Luke's foreman's job at the sawmill.  There
wasn't any union or job security at the mill and Eula knew he could make good
on his threat to have Luke fired, any time he felt like it.  But he couldn't
insist that she keep on working here if she was pregnant... he'd have to let
her go then!

      Lord almighty, sometimes she'd felt so desperate about the situation
she'd even thought of killing him, God forgive her.  The worst thing of all was
the loathing he'd created in her for her own weak self, making her hate herself
worse each time she let him use her body... because he could always make her do
it and make her enjoy it before he was through fucking her, and he did...
forcing her to beg him for it and use dirty words... that was what gave him the
biggest thrill of all, a woman begging him for cock...

      "Eula!" a petulant voice called.

      She gave a guilty start and hurried into Miss Lauralee's bedroom,
remembering that when the telephone rang she'd been about to replenish the ice
in Miss Lauralee's ice bag.

      Her mistress had tied a good one on this weekend, all right. Eula never
remembered her looking so bad or being so sick.  She was still a beautiful
woman, even in her forties, why did she want to go ruining her looks with
booze?  'Course being married to him was reason enough, the pretty maid thought
grimly, though she knew that was not the root cause of Mrs. Blodgett's
alcoholism.  That was probably boredom, as much as anything, and as she often
did, Eula felt a quick, genuine surge of pity for the spoiled, wealthy woman
who lay there in her exquisite bedroom, sick as a dog.  Miss Lauralee led a
plainly useless life, and everybody needed something useful to occupy
themselves.  Eula hoped it would be better in Florida, and Mrs. Blodgett would
find some new interest there.

      She entered the darkened room and moved methodically about her task of
taking ice cubes from the plastic bucket on the dresser and stuffing them into
the round ice bag.

      "Who was that on the phone?" Lauralee murmured weakly from the bed,
squinting her red, aching eyes against even the dim light that filtered through
the heavy drapes.

      "Mr. Blodgett," Eula said shortly, "wanted to talk to Tully."

      She moved to her mistress's side and gently smoothed back the blonde hair
that was piled high atop Lauralee's small, well-shaped head.  The woman's face
was a sick grey beneath her deep tan and the absence of any make-up revealed a
network of fine, nearly invisible wrinkles at the corners of her wide blue
eyes, as well as a faint sagging of the flesh beneath her tiny chin.  Even like
this, she could still be considered attractive, particularly if one passed over
the dull, ashen face to the sun-browned body which was still youthfully firm
and slender.  Beneath the filmy peach-colored nightgown the outlines of a full
swelling bosom were delineated, right to the dark, slightly withered nipples.
Her hands, with long blood-red nails in startling contrast to the pastel shades
of the room and the wan features of their owner, twisted nervously in her lap.
Very gently the maid lowered the ice bag to the woman's forehead, adjusting it
to conform to her brow-line.

      "Fix me some tomato juice, will you?" Lauralee instructed, "Someone told
me the other day that tomato juice was good for a hangover.  God, it can't hurt
to try..." she grimaced in pain.

      "Yes, Ma'am," Eula said, "You want some toast with it?  You got to try to
eat something."

      "No, not yet... I couldn't.  What's the matter, Eula -- are you crying?"

      "Why, no, Ma'am," Eula brushed her cheek, trying to smile and failing.

      "You are!  Now, come on, what is it?  I want you to tell me, Eula."

      "It's nothing, honest.  Just I was a little worried about somethin',
that's all."

      "All right, what are you worried about?  I won't be able to rest until I
know, so you might as well come out with it." Lauralee was never able to abide
a secret, she had a child's unquenchable desire to pry into everything, whether
it concerned her or not.  "Is it because we're going away?"

      "No'm, I'm just worried about somethin' I heard Mr. Blodgett say... just
now, on the phone.  I was listening," she admitted, the wish to share her
secret terrible knowledge with someone else overpowering her sense of
discretion.

      "Well, what did he say?" cried the exasperated Lauralee, wincing as darts
of pain shot through her skull.

      "He told Tully he wanted him to fetch some Spanish Fly, 'n bring it to
town right away, to the bank."

      "S-spanish Fly?"  She could not help but smile slightly at the mention of
the stuff.  The very words had a lewd connotation, of whispered unmentionable
things that passed furtively between children sharing their back-alley-acquired
sexual information and misinformation.

      "What would that do to a woman, if she took some of that Spanish Fly?"
Eula inquired earnestly, "It would set her crazy, wouldn't it, Miss Lauralee?"

      "I -- I don't know.  We used to hear things, when we were kids, but I
never knew of any actual cases... I know it's dangerous to take too much,
though. But what makes you think of that?  All the farmers around here use it,
so it's not unusual that John would ask Tully to fetch some..." but as she
tried to make light of the girl's suspicions, it occurred to Lauralee that it
was rather a funny request, and might indeed be an indication of some deviltry.
God knew, her husband was capable of many things... Eula had no business
listening on the extension... probably did it all the time, listened to her
calls, too, the little sneak... but why the hell was she worried enough to cry
over it?

      "I know, but Mr. Blodgett said..." the maid began fearfully, "he told me
the other day there was this certain lady who was givin' him a hard time about
something and he was gonna have to do something about it.  A-an' I wouldn't
want anything bad to happen to this lady... Like the others," she added in a
low, monotonous voice.

      "What others?" through her jarring, all-pervading headache, something was
beginning to get through to Lauralee Blodgett that here was no ordinary
household crisis, but something deeper and darker, of ominous proportions.  She
had long ago gotten used to Eula's extraordinary beauty, or so she thought, but
now she was noting it all over again... the flawless dusky skin... the body
that was so harmoniously molded, the thick black hair that glimmered in loose
waves... the dark red, trembling lips.  She was almost positive now that Eula
was making some reference to the amorous exploits of her husband... well, she
knew he had them, had known for years that he would chase any skirt on the
horizon. They had had a sort of mutual understanding, never spelled out but
honored on both sides, don't tell me and I won't tell you. Because she had done
her share of playing around... seldom now, though.  It was such a small town
and their friends were really a very limited circle... not much opportunity for
new conquests, and lately, with the drinking, she hadn't cared very much about
the lack of different talent.  She'd always supposed John would have the sense
to be discrete about anything he got mixed up in... the Quigg name still
counted for something around here and marriage to her meant that he had to
conduct himself accordingly... John knew that.  And if he'd been screwing Eula
behind her back, making a fool out of his wife in her own ancestral home and
creating gossip about them in town... she'd kill him, that's all... she'd kill
him!  And she goddamn well knew he had been screwing the little bitch... else
why would he discuss other women with Eula... or Eula be scared out of her
cotton-picking wits?

      Forcing the excruciating pain of her throbbing head and the queasy
condition of her dry, empty stomach from her thoughts, she sat up straight
against the pillows, with a regal gesture.  "Get me a drink, you little fool!"

      "Miz Blodgett!  You hadn't better have any whiskey yet!"

      "I said to get me a drink."

      The harried black girl rushed to comply, seeing that Miss Lauralee was
determined to have it and knowing that thwarting her would only make matters
worse for herself.  She brought back an old-fashioned glass half full of
whiskey and handed it silently to her mistress.  Lauralee tilted her head back
and swallowed the liquid straight.  A drop escaped from the quivering corner of
her parched lips and she wiped it away with the back of a red-nailed hand.  As
the burning fluid coiled warmly within her belly she felt steadier within
seconds... her ragged nerves steadying.

      "Now, Eula," she began in a more conciliatory tone, "there's nothing to
be scared of.  I'm not going to be angry with you, but I just want you to tell
me all about what's bothering you... tell it right from the beginning."

      "Yes, Ma'am," the maid murmured, head down.  An overpowering sense of
relief at the prospect of ridding herself of the burden of guilt nearly
overcame her.  She started twice and had to stop. At last the words of
confession began to flow.  "The beginning?... That was a long time ago, Miss
Lauralee.  Yes, ma'am, the bad things have been goin' on for a long time...

                                  *    *    *

      The best I ever had, Tully Fairchild told himself contentedly, the
absolute fucking best.  He lay prone for several seconds, awash in the euphoric
sea of satisfaction and drained as he had never been before in a sexual
encounter.  At last he moved, heaving his big frame clumsily off the bed to
reach for his hastily discarded clothing.  In the process, he half-turned
around and he halted right there in a grotesque position, and stared at the
trio of men filling the doorway.  Shit... they'd fooled him good... he'd never
figured on putting on no peep-show.  That cussed Blodgett and his
brother-in-law had followed him over here to gawk at the action... well, 'tween
him and the dog he guessed they'd seen enough to raise a couple of good
hard-ons!  But by God, the other guy -- he was the fucking bitch's husband!

      Tully stepped backward, caught in the classic low-comedy position of
having his pants down... which sure as hell wasn't too funny, after all.  He
expected the guy to bust him one, or let fly with a load of buckshot at any
second... and if he had a gun it was all over, because Tully hadn't... his
shotgun was out there mounted across the rear window of the pickup, damn it
all. So he tensed himself and waited... one foot in his pants.  Around here if
a guy caught someone screwing his wife, folks considered he had a perfect right
to shoot.

      Ray Denham had no gun, though, and Blodgett and Quigg were restraining
him from leaping on Tully.

      "Best thing you can do, son," advised his boss, "is pack up and get out
of town.  Take her along, if you still want her after seein' this... ain't no
future for you here.  I reckon you see now what we were talking about?"

      Sally had pushed herself up from the tumbled bed on hearing their voices
and now, propped on one bare arm, she was staring in terror at the figure of
her husband.

      "Oh, Christ," he muttered brokenly, "S-Sally... my God, Sally, how could
you do it?"

      She wanted to cry out to him that she could explain, but what would have
been the use?  After he'd seen, watched her suck a dog's cock while at the same
time a man had fucked her in the ass... and her begging for more... there could
be no explanation that would ever satisfy him, there was no explanation for her
disgusting, unnatural behavior.  God knew, she herself was puzzled even as she
did it, puzzled as to what perverted compulsion had taken hold of her and
guided her body against her very own will... all she knew was that at the time,
she had to have cock or go out of her mind!  Even now... even now when she'd
had her fill of more fucking than any normal woman could take... her cunt still
burned and twitched.  Oh, yes, God help her, but it was true... she would
gladly take on another man right now, right this very minute!  What husband
could understand that?  She'd lost him, lost everything... she was ruined.

      And then, her eyes widened in absolute disbelief as yet two more figures
pushed their way into the boxy little bedroom. Lauralee Blodgett, looking like
the wrath of God with her blonde hair tumbled and no makeup on her ravaged
face, and behind her a voluptuously lovely black girl in a crisp white uniform.
Lauralee reached into the little straw purse she carried and there was a gun in
her hand when she brought it out, a small but very lethal looking blue-black
revolver.

      "You son of a bitch," the gun barrel came up slowly and leveled
unmistakably at her husband.  "You low down white-slaver. No, don't you move --
you're not going anywhere... no one in this room leaves until we hear the whole
story!  Now, John, who did you feed the Spanish Fly to?"

      "Lauralee, honey," Blodgett's voice was a pleading, ingratiating whine,
"you're sick.  You shouldn't be out of bed! For God's sake put the gun away and
let's talk sensible."

      "You sent Tully to town with Spanish Fly, John," his wife ignored his
remarks, "It was for Mrs. Denham, wasn't it?  You see, I know... but I want to
hear you say it..."  The gun barrel wobbled noticeably and she moved closer to
her husband, close enough for him to smell the odor of liquor and know she'd
been on the bottle again.  He looked down the little hole that was no more than
a half-inch in diameter and he knew there was only the thinnest of threads
separating him from death.

      "All right!  Yes... yes, I -- we gave her just a little... didn't do her
any harm, she's all right... see?  She's all right!"

      "Maybe," Lauralee said cynically, "and are the others all right, too,
John?  All the teenage girls and the young brides, like Eula here?  Did you
leave them in good condition when you got through with them?  You filthy
bastard -- I ought to kill you right now and make an end of your miserable
existence.  You -- dragging my fam'ly name through the mud and disgracin' us
all... corrupting my brother, making him do your dirty work for you... you
lowdown white trash!"

      John Blodgett's handsome, confident features seemed to dissolve under his
wife's venomous onslaught.  He saw the imminent collapse of everything he had
built up so painstakingly over the years... his influence destroyed... and
then, a white-hot pain knifed through his upper arm and seared into his
shoulder.  In seconds the muscles of his chest were constricted with it...
strangling his life breath... he thought she had fired the gun, shot him
down... but then he knew it was something else squeezing him with agony.

      Before their shocked eyes he crumpled to the floor, gasping, "Get Doc!
Get Doc!"


                                 Sally And Duke
                                   Chapter 7

      The tobacco-brown station wagon nosed into an angled parking place at the
curb in front of the drugstore.  In the back, Duke whined and wiggled his
sinuous form expectantly.

      "No, boy," Lauralee chided the big dog affectionately, "Stay. I'll only
be a few minutes, and then we're going for a nice ride. OK?"  The dog sat down
patiently.

      She opened the door and stepped out gracefully, the flash of exposed
brown thigh drawing a flicker of interest from two loafers who were ranged
along the curb.  She did not mind, and in fact deliberately let her firm, round
buttocks undulate a bit more than was usual as she stepped up to the parking
meter and slid a coin into it.  Then she walked into the drugstore, quite aware
of the ogling pair of eyes that followed her progress.  Well, Lauralee thought,
if you can still get attention at my age why not give 'em a little ass-wiggle
or two... brighten their day?  Good for their morale as well as hers.

      Her morale was high, and her contentment showed in the brisk, purposeful
way she entered the store, smiling at Miss Minnie as she moved along the
aisles, surveying the merchandise displays. The change from the dark, dusty
interior of the store as it had been never failed to amaze Lauralee, although
the remodeling had been completed for a good two months now.

      "Hi, partner!" she called out gaily as she approached the gleaming new
prescription counter.  Ray Denham looked up from his desk with an answering
smile.

      "Hello... partner."  There was a special warmth in his voice which might
have suggested to a listener that there was something more here than a simple
business relationship.

      She really knew how to dress, Ray was thinking.  A simple, expensive
button-down-the-front cotton dress that might have looked severe on a figure
that was less well-endowed.  Ripe... that was the word.  Ripe, without an ounce
of extra flesh... a figure that care and exercise had made the equal if not the
envy of the average woman fifteen years younger than Lauralee Blodgett. The
petulance and boredom had disappeared from her face and her eyes were clear and
sparkling.

      She pushed through the little gate that led to the prescription
department, with a nod and pleasant word to the new assistant pharmacist, and
seated herself on Ray's desk... one long tanned leg swinging and the rather
brief dress hiked up to a point on her thigh that was barely decent.

      "Well, how do the books look, partner?" Lauralee bent right over the
ledger so that the point of her full right breast nearly touched the open page.

      "Well, they look damn good... but it's a bit hard to keep my mind on the
profit and loss statement with such, uh... distractions," Ray laid his pen down
and deliberately let his hand rest against the warmth of her flattened thigh.

      "Mmmmmmmmmm," she purred, glancing around the store to see if anyone was
watching and then wriggling closer to him as a loose, pleasant feeling pervaded
her lower body, "just keep on making money for us and I won't bother my head
about the books.  Do you know why I'm here, darling?"

      "Couldn't keep away a moment longer, I reckon?" he teased.

      "Shame on you..." she wriggled again as his hand began to move slowly
along her upper leg with insinuating pressure, "I'm here to fetch you.  Sally
phoned and suggested, since I'm coming to dinner at your place anyway, that I
give you a ride and save her the trouble of picking you up."

      "God, is it actually that late?" he consulted his watch. "Funny, how the
time goes these days... I always used to be watching the clock, when..." he
paused, leaving the statement unfinished, but they both knew he meant to say
when I was working for John.  They avoided reference to Lauralee's late
husband, not out of regret but merely because the subject was still
distasteful.  It was now six months since the day he had collapsed in the
bedroom of the Denham's apartment over the drugstore and died a few hours later
in the hospital, of a massive heart attack. From conversations with their
family doctor, Lauralee learned that her husband had tricked her right up to
the last.  Doc had not been expecting John to have a heart attack... he was, in
fact, surprised, and attributed it to the unusual stress of the occasion.  None
of those present that day had revealed that Lauralee had threatened her husband
with a gun; by mutual agreement all of the sordid facts had been concealed. Lee
Quigg of course was glad to keep silent... as was Tully Fairchild, as he was
promised a permanent job as manager of Lauralee's farm... and Eula knew that
her husband's job at the sawmill was his as long as he wanted it.

      The story given out was that there had been an argument of the pending
sale of the drugstore, and John Blodgett had become too excited.  After his
death Lauralee abandoned all thought of the Florida apartment, she'd never
wanted to go to Florida anyway and had only agreed because she thought it would
be beneficial to her husband's health.  Nor did she sell the drugstore.  A
partnership agreement was drawn up between Ray Denham and Lauralee, with Ray
receiving very favorable terms and a loan from the Quigg personal funds to
finance the purchase of his share.

      Lauralee had at last found something to occupy her time in straightening
out the tangled business affairs of her late husband.  She began to take an
active interest in the various things, especially the store, and her drinking
problem improved almost immediately.  Now it could be said that it was no
longer a problem at all -- apparently she had not reached the point of real
addiction to alcohol, as she was able to take a couple of drinks and then
voluntarily call a halt.

      "Yes, it is that late," she swung her small foot, observing addiction to
alcohol, as she was able to take a couple of drinks and then voluntarily call a
halt.

      "Yes, it is that late," she swung her small foot, observing with hardly
concealed pleasure the effect that the motion of her shapely leg had on Ray.
"How soon can you be ready?"

      "Oh, Jack and Miss Minnie can close up.  I'll be right with you."  He
pushed his chair back and stood up, stretching wide. Ray had gained some needed
weight and had lost the harried, worried look he had worn in his earlier months
in Quiggville.

      Sally had given him a set of golf clubs for Christmas, shortly after they
joined the country club, and as often as the mild Tennessee winter permitted he
had been on the course, taking lessons from the club pro.

      In a few minutes the owners of the drugstore were getting into the
station wagon, where Duke ecstatically greeted Ray with barks and thumping wags
of his tail.  Lauralee piloted the car expertly around the square and through
the outskirts of Quiggville and in five minutes they were turning in at Hickory
Acres.

      "What did you think of the housewarming party?" Ray inquired, his eyes
going proudly to the brand new pink brick colonial ranch type house into which
he and Sally had moved the previous week. Lauralee shrugged.

      "I reckon it was a great success... everybody was there. But personally,
I do prefer more intimate parties... with just you and Sally and a few of our
special friends..." her prettily curved lips parted in a cat-like little smile.

      "So do I, darling," Ray assured her, "but for the occasion, with, as you
said, everyone there, we had to be careful not to shock some of our more... uh,
sedate citizens.  Not everybody in Quiggville swings, as I'm sure you've
noticed."

      "Thank God, some people do," Lauralee giggled wickedly, "and thank God
you and Sally joined our 'inner circle'."

      "Well, there'll just be the three of us tonight," he said as she braked
the car in his driveway, "but we'll have to see if we can give the new place a
real housewarming!"

      Sally appeared at the side door as they climbed out of the car and Duke,
released at last, bounded right up to her, barking joyously.  She ruffled his
fur affectionately, smiling a welcome to Lauralee and her own darling Ray.
Sally still couldn't get over the way things had worked out for them, and just
when the future had appeared so bleak.  She had found, after that nasty John
Blodgett was out of the picture, that Lauralee was really not stuck-up at all
and the two women had become close friends. Lauralee had seen to it that the
Denhams were welcomed into the very private little group of more modern
Quiggville couples who had adopted a 20th century attitude toward sex and
particularly group sex.  At the time it all happened, Ray had deplored the
terrible experiences Sally had been put through, but he now wondered if it had
not been for the best in the long run.  At least she had been initiated --
however drastically -- into the pleasure of the male-female relationship.

      Sally led them into the living room, one arm around Ray's waist and the
other encircling Lauralee's slimness.  "I'm a lousy bartender," she confided,
"but I put all the fixings out... build us some drinks, Ray?"

      He complied with the request and then they all seated themselves around
the long living room which was not as yet completely furnished but had all the
essentials.

      "How was your day?" Sally asked her husband warmly, her grey eyes
lingering on his long body with a gleam of... could it be desire?

      "Good.  Thursday's getting to be almost as big a day as Friday or
Saturday."

      "Yes, that's what Lee was saying," Lauralee remarked, "By the way, Sally,
Lee and his wife really had a good time at your open house.  I don't think I've
ever seen that prig he's married to unbend quite so much.  Why, one of these
days we might even recruit them for some fun and games."

      "Oh, I'm sure we could recruit Lee right now," Sally laughed knowingly,
"but that wife of his is something else.  She reminds me of... of me, the way I
used to be."

      "Yeah," her husband nodded, "the way you used to be... B.S."

      "Why, Ray Denham, hush your mouth!" his wife giggled.

      "I wasn't referring to the common expression 'bull shit'," he said
loftily.  "I meant 'before sex'."

      "What were you planning for dinner?" Lauralee changed the subject, "I
hope you didn't go to a lot of trouble."

      "No, not at all.  The salad's in the refrigerator and the baked potatoes
are finished and in the warming oven.  It's just a matter of putting the steaks
on the grill."

      "Hmmmmm," Ray looked from one woman to the other.  The drink had relaxed
him and was having a pleasantly languorous effect... except on his penis, which
was stirring down there in his pants as he contemplated the girls he referred
to as his two partners. "Then why not postpone dinner for a little while.  Did
I show you the new master bedroom the other night, Lauralee?  There's one
feature that's very handy... the king size bed.  I think it would hold all of
us without any crowding... right, Sally?"

      His wife smiled as a tingling excitement commenced to make itself felt in
her loins as she grasped his meaning.  "Lovely idea.  Will you give us a guided
tour?"

      "Just follow me!"  He set down his empty glass and all three stood up
eagerly and trooped toward the bedroom, Duke following, nosing his way through
the door after them.

      "What a dog!" Lauralee groaned, "He never misses out on a chance for some
pussy... he's really shocking, sometimes... but you know, since I'm alone, I do
find it's nice to have Duke around... there are times when a dog is woman's
best friend!"

      The trio undressed rapidly and soon were all sprawled naked on the huge
bed.  Ray lay on his back in the center, his enormous, erect cock pointing
toward the ceiling like a flagpole as he slowly stroked the uncircumcised head
to even greater hardness, rolling the thick fold of skin down until the
purplish, blood-engorged tip quivered with arousal.  Lauralee leaned over him,
staring down fondly at the big prick she had seen many times now but still
found thrilling in a lewd, vulgarly fascinating way. Just the sight of it and
the thought of it pushing up inside a woman was enough to moisten the
hair-fringed folds of her cunt lips as her secretions oozed from her heated
vagina and she pressed her thighs together to further stimulate the exciting
flow.  Ray reached up with one hand and began to fondle her breasts which hung
pendulously over his flat stomach, their dark nipples hardening under his
fingers.

      Sally's long soft body lay on his other side, fitted closely to his.  She
lay on her back, watching with lewd interest her husband's caressing of their
friend's full-swelling breasts.  God, she was hot already... sometimes she
thought the Spanish Fly had not completely passed out of her body yet, though
she knew that was impossible.  But ever since that day she had unwittingly
swallowed the powerful aphrodisiac, Sally had welcomed sex... in fact, she
eagerly sought it from her husband... and then, when construction began on
their new home in Hickory Acres they had met some couples in the subdivision
and had been invited to a few parties... gradually, carefully, the subject had
been broached... little hints were dropped that here was one part of Quiggville
where the inhabitants had been liberated from old-fashioned sexual taboos.  It
had not taken long for the Denhams to join in, and with them, Lauralee
Blodgett.

      Ray's free hand came to rest on Sally's little belly, feeling her
instant, quivering response.  She sighed and pushed her thighs slightly apart,
waiting tensely for his hand to slide, as she knew it would, into the warm,
damp "vee" between her legs and play with her hot pussy.  Aaaahhh, his probing
fingers found her clitoris and began to steadily manipulate the sensitive
little nub of flesh and Sally moaned contentedly and screwed her buttocks into
the soft mattress as she opened her legs wider and wider to him.

      "You lazy gals are making me do all the work." Ray complained jokingly as
he continued to arouse them both by means of his strong hands.

      "Oh, all right, I'll take pity on you," Lauralee sighed, letting her hand
go to his desire-swollen penis and grip its thickness that she could hardly
contain in her small fingers.  As she carefully smoothed back the foreskin, Ray
groaned and writhed in pleasure.  She quickly crawled to the foot of the bed,
spreading his legs apart and crawling up between them, her excitement mounting
to feverish heights at the mere thought of what she was getting ready to do to
him.  Still working the foreskin up and down over the velvety smooth cock-head,
Lauralee dropped her face until her mouth was almost touching his extended rod.
Tantalizingly, she blew her soft breath on him and he groaned with pleasure.
Her tongue flicked out and made delicious warm moist contact with the rubbery
bulbous tip.  She ran her tongue in a circle around it, while his big body
twisted until she found the tiny crevice and pushed her tongue-tip into it,
savoring the pungent flavor of his seminal fluid that had seeped from the
minuscule opening.  Her nostrils flared with lewd excitement and prickles of
desire teased the nerve-ends of her body as she relished every savory drop.
Both of her hands now smoothed down his pointing shaft and caressed the
velvet-smooth softness of his testicles.  Cupping his sac in one palm, she
again pulled back his foreskin until the ponderous, naked head stood starkly
revealed... slowly, shaping her lips into an oval, she lowered them onto the
rubbery cock-head letting it rub against the lip-covered ridge of her teeth as
her wet mouth slid down to encompass his maleness... down, down...

      "That's it," Ray rasped as he began to push his hips upward against her
face in slow rhythmic movements.  "Suck me, baby... suck hard!"

      Lauralee did, now thoroughly excited by the lustful, debasing act she was
committing as her head bobbed up and down over his loins, his long, thick cock
spearing upward into her mouth while beside them his wife had risen on her
elbow to stare eagerly at the couple, her legs squeezed together to hold Ray's
hand in contact with her throbbing pussy flesh as she watched... her own head
bent over almost to Lauralee's as the older woman sucked voraciously now, her
tongue swirling furiously about the pulsing blood-filled knob that pumped in
and out of her obscenely clasping lips.  Lauralee was humming wantonly deep in
her throat as if already in bliss at the masochistic thought of being filled
with Ray's lewd white sperm that might at any moment now flood her mouth and
throat... indeed she was thinking of that very thing, and her cunt began to
quiver down below as her lips locked tighter and tighter around the
lust-hardened cock ramming upward into her face until the crisp hairs of his
loins brushed against her chin.

      As for Sally, she could hardly have been more excited if she had been the
one hunched over her husband and sucking his thick cock, cheeks hollowing and
filling.  Suddenly, Ray seized Lauralee's head with his left hand and held it
while he rammed cruelly up into her mouth.  But Sally was tired of her
onlooker's role in the sensual, salacious drama and suddenly craved a more
direct piece of the action.  Abruptly, she rolled over and got to her knees,
crawling up alongside Ray's long outstretched body and then, throwing one leg
over him she squatted down, lowering her passion-crazed cunt until it was
positioned directly over his mouth.

      She shuddered with pleasure as she felt first his hot breath and then his
long wet tongue wetly probing into her lust-filled vagina.  Her body responded
with a jolt of electric excitement. "Ooooooh, yes... wonderful, darling... lick
it, yes... eat my cunt!"  She knew well how such obscenities further inspired
her husband to new plateaus of rapturous sexual activity.  His long hot tongue
curled around her clitoris and began to dart lizard-like into her wide open
pussy as she squatted over his face in the most salacious position imaginable
while below, Lauralee continued her oral assault on his wildly jerking penis.
As his tongue raced deeper into the hotly seeping hole between her widespread
thighs, Sally continued to croon her delighted acceptance of his sucking of her
squirming cunt, her noises blending with the debased wet smacking sounds he was
making as he worked under her.  Greedily, he licked the whole length of her
passion-drenched cuntal slit and she unconsciously pushed her hips slightly
forward as his tongue moved on to probe at her unprotected puckered little anus
ring. Her body was nearly consumed with raw excited joy as his tireless tongue
burrowed deeper, actually penetrating the forbidden little hole.

      Lauralee's eyes flicked up to where the stretched moons of Sally's white
buttocks nearly obliterated her view of Ray's face. She could see his tongue,
however, darting from his mouth and disappearing right up inside the straining
girl's gaping wet pussy-slit.  Ray's hands came around his wife's writhing hips
to seize Lauralee's blonde hair again and ram her mouth down further on his
thickly upthrusting cock.  As her head went down, Lauralee suddenly had a
glimpse of them all in the wide mirror of the double dresser.  By God, it was
something... the three obscenely jerking bodies... the two women both laboring
over Ray's prostrate form while Duke could only watch, alert and eagerly
waiting for his turn which he was perfectly intelligent enough to know was
coming next.  Spurred on by her lewd thoughts, Lauralee Blodgett plunged her
bobbing head up and down over the swollen rod of male flesh, laving its
rock-hard tip with her tongue.

      God, he must come soon... his cock felt as though it would split wide
open it was so hard... in her mounting passion, Lauralee suddenly rammed her
hand down between her own crouching thighs and shoved two fingers up into her
steaming wet pussy. "AAaaaaahhhhhh," she growled deep in her throat, rotating
the fingers and rummaging up into her own velvety warm cavern until she had
established a masturbatory rhythm that was infinitely pleasing and heightened
her enjoyment of Ray's cock.  On and on she sucked, until Ray thought he would
blow his mind as his aching balls readied their load of white hot cum.

      And then, it happened!  With his tongue buried deep in his wife's cunt,
Ray grunted and grabbed at Lauralee's head, ramming it down onto his thick
member until all that protruded from her tightly ovalled lips was a tiny
portion around the hairy base. She felt it jerk in her mouth convulsively and
then her throat constricted as the semen began to gush out.  She swallowed
desperately, downing big gulps of the hot, sticky flood.  Her cheeks bloated
and hollowed as her mouth filled and emptied again and again and she wondered
if there was an end to the lewd stream pouring down her throat.  Around her
fingers sunk deep in her palpitating vagina something sticky was oozing... God,
she could almost make herself cum if she tried, she was so God damned hot...
almost but not quite.  She felt his cock in her mouth rapidly deflating and
soon it slipped completely out of her still-clasping lips, pulling with it the
last sticky strings of lewd sperm. Lauralee backed off from him, wiping her
mouth contentedly, but still unsated.  Then Duke whined, and she snapped her
fingers and the magnificent animal instantly bounded onto the bed and stood
over her.

      "I'll be your bitch," his mistress promised, getting to her hands and
knees and presenting the smooth white moons of her buttocks to the big black
and tan German Shepherd who mounted her immediately, his glistening scarlet
penis unsheathed and extending to incredible length under his furry
hindquarters.  His forepaws clasped at the narrow point of her waist and she
felt a drop of his saliva trickle onto her naked back as she waited patiently
while Duke stabbed at her open wet cuntal slit with his tapered dog-cock. Then,
he was in... gliding up into her with the smooth wet feeling that always nearly
drove her out of her mind with excitement.  "Uuuunnhhhh!" she grunted and
pressed her buttocks back against his quivering haunches to further impale
herself on his gleaming rod.

      Meanwhile, Sally had waited patiently when she felt Ray jerk beneath her
and he began to grunt out his orgasm and this had interfered with the rhythm of
his tongue-thrusts into her pulsing vagina.  She whimpered now, though, unable
to contain her debased craving for him to fill her again and suck her to her
own blissful completion.  She ground her throbbing, stretched-open cunt against
his face, her very soul reveling with the thought of the enchantment that was
coming, for she knew her husband would not fail her desperate need for release.
Again his wet mouth clamped itself to her vagina and she rocked her hips back
and forth over him ecstatically while next to her the bed sagged under the
weight of Lauralee and the huge dog who was fucking her from behind. Sally
looked over her shoulder, marveling at the way the older woman was taking the
incredibly rapid lunges of the beast, and apparently loving them.  Lauralee's
head was thrown back and her face, still streaked with Ray's drying semen that
had dribbled out of the corners of her mouth, was contorted with lust.

      "Fuck me, Duke!" she was nearly screaming, "Come on, fuck harder, fuck
harder!"

      The obscene spectacle sent chills of depraved excitement shooting through
the young bride and a desire to blurt out the lewd, lust-provoking words.  "Oh,
fuck me, Ray!" she wailed. "Fuck me with your tongue, fuck me deep... oh, oh,
oh..." she chanted and Ray screwed her harder with his long thick tongue. His
hands were at her buttocks, pressing them together and pulling them apart,
kneading the twin mounds until she thought her rear crevice would split from
the pressure.  Then his middle finger snaked forward and began to dig straight
up into her ass-hole, poised temptingly above him.

      "AAAuuuggghhhh!" she screamed as the stiff, prodding finger forced its
relentless way through the ring of muscle and popped into the warm spongy
cavity beyond.  "Ooooohh," Sally wailed in pleasure-pain that rapidly gave way
to rapturous pleasure alone as he began to worm around inside her rectum,
widening the passage and pressing against the thin muscular wall that separated
her back passage from her seething cunt.  Ray found that he could feel his own
tongue sliding up into her and the revelation was mind-shattering.  The
debauched couple thrilled to his obscene exploration of her defenseless
ass-hole while at the same time continuing his assault on her hot, wet pussy.
Her body now began the slow, agonizing build-up to orgasm.  She twisted and
moaned, her lovely young face almost animalistic in its contorted, insane
desire for release.  Mewling and groaning deep with her heaving chest, she
squatted lower and lower over her husband's face, ramming her lewdly skewered
ass-hole down on his rigid middle finger and trying to seize and hold his
tongue inside the velvet, clasping depths of her lust-enraged vagina.  Now! She
was almost gone... God, this was it!

      "Ohh... ohh... ohhhhh!  My God, don't stop... don't stop... I'm going to
cum!  I'm cummmmmiiinnnggg!"  And then she began to jerk convulsively, never
having cum before in such a position or even dreaming that it would be
possible.  It was not only possible, it was fabulous... wild... perfect!  The
spasms of orgasm tore through her tingling body and seemed to go on and on...
and on... until at last she was completely, thoroughly sated and could slip her
still-clasping vagina away from his deeply buried tongue and extricate her anus
from the finger that still impaled her.

      As she pulled her cunt clear of his head, Ray shook his head in
disbelief, "You were really turned on that time, honey," he said.  "Man, your
ass was really moving!"

      She could only smile at him, unable to speak for another few seconds
until her body had adjusted itself to coming back to reality.  She snuggled
into the curve of his arm and they watched as the third (and fourth, if you
counted Duke) member of the party struggled toward orgasm.  It would not be
long now, Sally sensed, and she let her hand wander over Ray's hairy, flat
chest, tangling in his curly hair as she began to breathe faster and almost
started to feel what Lauralee was feeling.  Although a widow now, you certainly
could not say that Lauralee led a lonely or dull life.  In fact, her life had
taken on new dimensions with the passing of her lecherous husband.  They'd
owned Duke for three years, but Lauralee had confided to them that the idea of
putting him to use for her own pleasure had never occurred to her until that
day in the Denham's apartment when she had seen him up on the bed with Sally.

      Now, the coordination of dog and woman was really something to see, Sally
thought dreamily, still blissfully exhausted from her own climax.  Duke was
bucking into her wildly undulating buttocks and had increased his pace until it
seemed that no one, human or animal, could keep up such an assault for very
long.  His dark-furred balls were clearly outlined under his arching
hindquarters as they swung against the white crevice below Lauralee's open cunt
that was absorbing the full length of his animal cock.

      Then, suddenly, Duke whined and his flanks began to jerk. His torrent of
animal sperm poured into his mistress's hungrily milking cunt and swirled high
in her naked belly, touching off her own climax.

      She moaned and flung her head back, blonde hair tumbling down, nostrils
flaring and eyes rolling.  The husband and wife saw her buttocks convulse under
the dog, squeezing his penis as if to suck him dry of his lewd, sticky sperm
and imprison his cock that was already deflating and slipping from Lauralee's
streaming cunt as she still rolled in wanton ecstasy and groaned out her
release.

      "Duke, you fucking son-of-a-bitch!" she gasped out in a tone that was
part awe for the dog's powers, part affection for her remarkable pet, part pure
expression of pleasure.  The three friends lay spent in the huge new bed while
Duke arranged himself at their feet, like a comfortable cushion against which
they could warm their feet if they desired.

      "Well, I guess it's going to be a late supper," Ray observed contentedly,
flinging an arm over the buttocks of each woman.  "I hope you bought an extra
steak for Duke, Sally?  He certainly deserves one... after that performance."

      They laughed and in fact each thought, without knowing the other's
thoughts, how happy she was, and that she would not exchange her small-town
life in Quiggville, Tennessee -no, not for the biggest, most bustling city.
Quiggville was not really so old-fashioned... after all.  Not when you got to
know it!

                                    The End

