

The Weekend Captive



Chapter 1

     The Spender house was spacious, painted white with colored awnings 
over the windows, the long marble-flagged terrace led down to a swimming 
pool, the neighbors were hidden by rows of flowering eucalyptus and the 
wide garage held three cars.  Arnold Spender was rich had always been rich 
as his father before him and his father before him.  Beyond that 
generation the tracing was lost, as his wife Susannah too often mentioned 
during rounds of family-tree accounting.  Nevertheless he belonged she 
always conceded since his ancestors on his mother's side were pioneers 
like her own, one of whom crossed the Delaware with George Washington and 
another died as a young lieutenant at Valley Forge.  They should be living 
in Boston or New York, Susannah constantly complained, instead of being 
surrounded by the nouveaux rich of Long Beach.  She was all snob whereas 
Arnold was only part snob, a bright and successful petroleum engineer who 
still retained the flavor of his Ivy League days at Harvard.
     Who they were and what they were, these were the ever repeated 
legends of themselves instilled in their daughter, their own little 
Princess as they called her.  They scoffed at the idea of a generation gap 
in their closely united family, forgetting that the younger generation 
that lived at Long Beach was beyond their comprehension.  Their friends 
were older or seemed older than themselves, but were usually as rich, 
belonging to the same clubs and having much the same interests.  In this 
circle the young Linda was nurtured and brought up in the belief that she 
had inherited the earth.
     The Spenders had good cause to be proud of Linda.  Bright at school, 
popular with all their friends and their children, never complaining about 
going to church, she never gave her parents any anxious moments except for 
her daring in the surf.  The California beaches and the beaches on Hawaii 
where they often vacationed were an irresistible magnet to their 
beautiful, sun-blonde daughter.  Her mother claimed to have passed on to 
Linda a perfect figure, an open, nicely rounded face with a slightly 
pointed chin, big hazel eyes and a soft, velvety skin that never tanned 
deeply, retaining under the hottest sun a honey brown that sometimes 
disturbed her father with its sheen of sensuality, giving him feelings to 
which he would never admit, even to himself.
     Linda was not yet fully developed.  She would grow taller and the 
small excess of baby fat around her high, perfectly rounded bottom would 
go.  Once in a party frock the bodice pushed up her breasts so that they 
formed two little mounds above it, causing Arnold to remark that their 
little girl was a big girl now.  Naked, as her parents sometimes saw her 
running from a shower, her breasts showed like two firm oranges, her 
thighs and calves like a graceful athlete in a Cretan painting.  Linda was 
their proudest possession; she was a precious jewel.  Yet they realized 
that she would one day live her own life and must prepare for it, 
therefore she was allowed complete freedom to stay out alone with a boy, 
as long as he was as well bred as Tom Blackwell and as long as she was 
home before midnight.  The Spenders enjoyed a lot of night life 
themselves, always feeling secure in their belief that their Princess 
would never stray from the straight and narrow path laid out for her.
     Arnold's professional and investment interests in oil extended to 
Australia where new oil field discoveries were extending his own little 
empire.  As vice-president of a California company he was invited to sit 
as a director on the board of its Australian associate company, a position 
which would mean occasional journeys out to Sydney.  He and Susannah were 
both looking forward to a holiday in the antipodean sunshine in the near 
future, where the summer was at its highest and where Linda could enjoy a 
surfing break from her high school studies.
     Earlier that evening when Linda had gone to a drive-in with Tom, 
Arnold and Susannah had visited a friend's house for a champagne supper.  
As usual, they left early, intending to be home long before Linda arrived 
back.  They had celebrated somewhat more alcoholically than usual, mixing 
too many cocktails with too much champagne, but nevertheless they were 
home and undressed before eleven.  Susannah, an older, taller and well 
preserved replica of her daughter, wanted to dance so Arnold turned out 
the lights, put on a record and, blithely naked, they danced slowly across 
the living room floor toward the long settee.  Warmed by the drinks and 
the central heating, their bodies slightly perspiring, they began to feel 
one another, Susannah squeezing his slowly hardening cock while Arnold 
slid his hand down the cleft of her ass-cheeks, down until he could 
stretch a finger to the back of her slippery cunt.  Susannah suddenly 
broke away from him.  Surprised, he asked her what was wrong.
     "I don't suppose it's anything," she replied "Perhaps it's just that 
I've had too much to drink.  I had a sudden thought that something might 
happen to Linda in Australia.  You know, something with men.  Some people 
say the Australians are uncouth."
     "At least, honey, they don't go around shooting each other as often 
as Americans do.  All the ones I've met were nice.  They drink a lot and 
play a lot but they are very respectful towards women.  As a matter of 
fact I've heard it said that they would rather soak than poke."
     Susannah gave him a sour look.  Vulgarities were rarely well received 
by Susannah, except when they were making love.  Tonight he was sure not 
in a mood for soaking up booze, he was all for a good long fuck.  He 
pulled his wife down on the settee, his cock still erected to half-ready 
hardness.  Her mood was inhibiting him.
     "Look, baby, we'll be there to look after her," he cajoled.
     "Yes, of course, sweetheart.  It's just that I have a kind of 
premonition.  Perhaps we shouldn't go.  It may be something to do with the 
jet.  It's a long flight out to Sydney."  The more she talked the softer 
grew his prick.  There was only one sure way of getting her to shut up, 
and he pushed her back against the cushions and opened her legs.
     In the dim light, Arnold could make out the pale sheen of her soft 
skin, and his eyes traveled greedily over her still firm breasts with 
their dark, mouth-watering nipples.  From there, he glanced down to her 
trim waist with its softly rounded stomach, and his breath quickened as 
his eyes came to the dark patch of curling hair which drifted down and 
around the rosy lips of her cunt.  Arnold held her legs apart for several 
minutes, staring hungrily at the exposed area.  Then, unable to restrain 
himself any longer, he plunged his head down between her widespread legs 
and buried his face in her hotly pulsating pubic area.
     Susannah's little clitoris was already erect when his darting tongue 
found it and frantically began to lick at it, his lips closed around the 
tip of it lovingly as he tried to suck it into his mouth.  Then he licked 
sloppily down to her hotly pulsating cunt, and he jabbed in and out as if 
he were fucking her with his tongue, running it hungrily around her wetly 
steaming cunt and sucking the oozing juices into his mouth.
     Already, he could feel her cunt throbbing madly toward her climax.  
This was always the best way ... when he could bring her to a quick orgasm 
with his mouth.  But that was only the beginning; that first climax got 
them both so hot that whatever they did after that was always far more 
exciting to both of them.  Arnold extended his tongue to its fullest 
length and rammed it as far as it would go into the hot tunnel of her 
vibrating cunt, and she began to moan as he licked and prodded at the soft 
tender flesh of her dripping pussy.
     His tongue flicked in and out in a furious staccato rhythm as her 
juices flowed in a hotly excited stream, and he sucked them into his open 
mouth.  Now her thighs were starting to twist and jerk, and she clamped 
her hands down on his head, crushing his lips into her steaming cuntal 
area, and she opened her mouth in a long agonizing wail as her orgasm 
exploded.  They were both so intensely involved in their love-making that 
they were totally unaware that they were not alone.



Chapter 2

     The moonlight shimmered on the dark Pacific, and the wind sighed in 
the pines but Linda cared nothing for the beauty of the surroundings or 
the pungent aroma of the pines as her swirling emotions churned inside 
her.  The tortured girl leaned her blonde head forward on the dashboard of 
the convertible, her lithesome young body shaking with sobs, her stomach 
muscles contracted in spasms of hurt and humiliation.  Slowly she wiped 
the sticky fluid from her cheek and neck as Tom lay back in the seat, pale 
and aghast.  Oh God, what have I done, he said to himself, closing his 
eyes and wishing himself a thousand miles away.
     It was their last night together before Linda and her family were to 
leave for Australia a night that the blonde teenager had hoped would 
become a beautiful, romantic memory during the two weeks she would be away 
from her young boyfriend.  And now this had happened to ruin everything!  
She knew about the human body from her biology classes and sex 
instruction, but to experience what she had just gone through was 
shattering.  It had begun as their petting so often did, with kissing and 
fondling, with Tom's hand sometimes feeling up between her thighs, sending 
thrilling tremors through her ripe body as it slowly passed over the 
panty-covered mound of her sensitive triangle.  This time she had let him 
tenderly kiss one of her small pink nipples, although she pushed him away 
when he began to suck and nibble in eagerly abandoned passion.
     "Please Linda, let's do it right," he had begged, breathing hotly 
against her ear while he began to feel his way surreptitiously along the 
inside of her thigh.  He had almost reached the warmth of her pussy, had 
almost touched the sparse tangle of pubic curls through her flimsy panties 
when she roughly pushed his hand away.
     "Tom Blackwell the Third, don't you know how much I want to?" she 
asked.  "I wish we were naked together, and some day we will be, but I 
intend to remain a virgin until we are properly married.  Supposing we 
never married ... supposing you were to fall in love with someone else ... 
wouldn't I be ruined for some other man who might want to marry me?  
Besides, I'm much too young to marry, and we'll just have to wait.  My 
parents didn't bring me up to become a loose woman."
     Tom was forced to think rationally.  Linda was only fifteen, and at 
seventeen he himself was too young to marry.  He felt depressed at the 
prospect of having to wait two, three, maybe more years before he could 
take that delicious young body naked into his arms.  He had known Linda 
since they were both small children.  They were together every summer, 
usually spent on the beach where he had observed her lithe sun-browned 
body begin to fill out into adolescent womanhood, to change from a wild 
tomboy who surfed and rode a board as well as any of them, into a lovely 
golden creature who verged on being a goddess.
     Now, on this important night, the girl he adored was weeping and 
showing every indication of being revolted by him.  It had been an 
ungovernable urge that had apparently wrecked their friendship, and there 
was no doubt that Linda would share the blame.  When their petting had 
reached a stage where it seemed that both of them would lose all 
restraint, he had unzipped his fly to expose his rock-hard cock, and Linda 
had gazed at it as though entranced, slowly moving her hand to stroke it 
when Tom had impulsively implored her, "Oh please kiss it.  Please kiss 
it!"  She had leaned down, gently drawing back the foreskin and had kissed 
the blood-filled head with a long, wantonly sensual kiss, her mouth half-
open so that her teeth pressed into the rigid flesh.  And no sooner had 
she lifted her mouth from the throbbing member than she felt Tom begin to 
quiver violently.
     Suddenly, he cried out.
     "Aaaaggghh, Linda, Linda, Linda!  Jeez Linda.  I'm cummmiinngg!"  
With that he'd exploded into orgasm, his hot white sperm flying onto 
Linda's shocked face, to dribble wetly down her neck and chin onto her 
firm young breasts.
     Linda's first reaction was blind shock then something her mother had 
told her flashed unbidden into her mind.  Men are filthy beasts at times, 
her mother had said, adding that her lovely little Princess would find out 
all about them when she married.  The older woman had always warned her 
about men wanting to rape every young girl they could lay their grasping 
hands on, although she'd encouraged Linda's association with Tom, for 
after all Tom had gone to the right school, and he could trace his family 
back as far as their own.  He was well-mannered, a cut above the rest of 
his friends at Long Beach High.  Now, as tears flooded her eyes and shame 
colored her lewdly defiled cheeks, she realized that Tom was as evil, as 
crude and horrible as the creeps who took those cheap working girls down 
to the beach at night for depraved orgies.
     It was partly her own fault, the sobbing young blonde told herself.  
She should never have allowed their petting to go so far.  He had become 
so passionate, and because of her love for him, the poignancy of their 
last night together and the sensual intimacy of the convertible, she had 
lost all control when she sympathetically kissed his thick pulsating 
penis.  She had only intended giving it a quick kiss, something they would 
both remember as being part of their own private love, a little secret 
between them while she was away in Australia.  Sometimes she had wondered 
if her mother's talks had warped her natural tendencies away from sex, if 
perhaps she might never be capable of wanting a man inside her, and she'd 
wanted to prove her fears wrong.  Would she grow up to become a sexless 
"female eunuch" incapable of allowing a male organ to pierce her virginal 
vagina?  She had wondered about that until now, this night that had 
brought a torment of desire followed by shame and loathing.
     She hated him; she despised him as she felt him beside her, doing up 
his fly while she wiped away her tears and stray flecks of his sticky cum.  
What a vulgar word!  How dare he use such foul language in front of her!  
How frightening and awful men were.
     "Drive me home," she ordered, unable or not wanting to pronounce his 
name, "Immediately!"
     At home she would find a sane refuge from the turmoil that raged 
inside her, from the fear and a sickening kind of loneliness building up 
insidiously in her being.  Silently, Tom drove out of the dark lane which 
led to the beach where they had parked, back to the large house where 
Linda's parents had left the terrace lights on to welcome their daughter 
home.  Usually Tom would be invited in for a late supper before he left, 
but tonight his world was shattered as Linda hurried out of the car, not 
even turning her head when he called out his farewell.
     "Good night, Linda I'm sorry."

*    *    *

     When Linda got out of Tom's car, she slowly mounted the steps to the 
terrace.  The night air felt chilly, and she pulled her sweater tighter 
around her shoulders.  Tears swelled unrestrained in her eyes, her 
tormented body felt empty and numb, her legs slightly trembling.  As she 
heard Tom's car drive away, she almost turned to call after him.  She had 
lost him, her first true love, the boy to whom she had always felt as 
close as a sister to a brother with that something extra that belonged to 
future lovers.  She had admired others, especially some of the handsome 
young men she saw on the beaches, sometimes almost wanting them with a 
physical ache, a feeling she always quickly dispelled.  She did not want 
to become like the common "whores," as her mother called them, who slept 
around.  She knew Tom and his friends despised girls like that.  But isn't 
that what he must think of her now?  Oh God!  Why did her animal want 
dissolve all the caution that had been instilled in her?  She could never 
face Tom again.  Never, never, never.  When she returned from Australia, 
she would try to persuade her parents to move to Boston, where they 
belonged.  She knew they stayed in California so that she could enjoy the 
best climate in the world, to have the sea to swim in and the surf to 
ride.  None of that mattered now.
     Mortified, filled with the shame of having committed a sexually 
obscene act, she wished she were dead.  Perhaps she would never be able to 
face any boy again, let alone sit with one in a car or on the beach.
     She stopped crying and was calmer, trying to rationalize from her 
small experience of life how, in a few minutes, her happiness had been 
completely destroyed.  It could not have been all Tom's fault, she 
supposed, remembering how she had occasionally stared furtively at the 
swellings in the front of the boys' pants.  Had she always wanted to place 
her lips against a boy's cock?  Penis, she corrected herself.  Oh heavens, 
the thought of it was bringing to life a strange feeling inside her.  Did 
she want to kiss, to open her mouth and wetly kiss the pulsating flesh of 
an erected penis did she really want to do that?  She brushed the thought 
aside.  I'm just being adolescent, she told herself, and thought of going 
inside to greet her parents.  Should she tell her mother of her 
humiliating experience?  Gosh!  What would she say?  How could she explain 
it anyway that she had voluntarily leaned down and given Tom a passionate 
kiss on his cock?  Penis.  Linda Spender!  You're becoming as vulgar as 
the beach girls! she remonstrated with herself.  They used the most awful 
words.  Like "fuck."  And Tom had called out that he was cumming.  She 
began to cry again, the shame of it all causing her to feel faint.  She 
buried her head in her arms, sobbing until the tears could flow no longer.
     The house was strangely silent; it was usual for her parents to leave 
the lights on in the living room and to be there when she returned.  The 
curtains hadn't been drawn across the glass doors leading out onto the 
terrace, and now she became aware of music playing a record, one of their 
favorites.  She supposed they were sitting quietly in the dark, listening 
to it.  The thought of being with them cheered her.  She would open the 
terrace door quietly and surprise them.  She had made up her mind not to 
mention the incident in Tom's convertible, putting aside the inevitable 
explanation why she didn't ever want to see him again.
     She turned the door handle gently so there was no hinge squeak as she 
pushed the door open a few inches.  She looked about the large, semi-
darkened room, her gaze riveting on the two entwined figures on the 
settee.  She was transfixed, unable to move or turn her eyes from the 
scene of utter debauchery.  Her father and mother!  Naked!  Her father's 
head was buried down between her mother's widespread legs  she couldn't 
quite see what he was doing but a shaft of light from outside illuminated 
her mother's head to reveal the older woman's face contorted into a 
terrifying grimace.  Obviously they must be drunk, or even drugged with 
pot! she thought crazily.  At first the horrified teenager didn't believe 
that the couple on the settee were her parents, hoping against hope that 
they might be some outrageous overnight guests, but she was soon 
disillusioned.
     She saw her mother pull the head up from between her legs, and she 
caught a glimpse of her father's face.  His chin and cheeks were 
glistening from her mother's secretions.
     "Let me ..." her mother murmured, then broke off, not completing her 
request.  But long association made words unnecessary; her father 
understood what she wanted.  He got up from his position and climbed on 
top of her ... but not the way he should, Linda realized with horror.  He 
was backwards, his knees on either side of her mother's head, and his 
cock Linda couldn't stop the word from jumping into her mind his cock was 
long and hard looking, and it was poised directly above the older woman's 
face.
     Instead of trying to avoid it, Linda's mother opened her mouth and 
moved it directly below the jutting member, and the girl watched in shock 
as her father slowly lowered his hips, pushing his pulsating cock between 
her waiting lips.  At the same time, the young blonde's father buried his 
face once more between her mother's legs.
     Linda stayed at her position by the door, unable to move, terrified 
her parents would see her but unable to tear herself away from the lewdly 
hypnotic spectacle.  They are out of their minds, completely insane, she 
almost screamed aloud as she watched her wantonly sucking mother now 
caressing her father's balls.  Testicles, the young girl's mind 
automatically corrected itself.  The older woman was moving her husband's 
cock around in her mouth, the changing bulges in her obscenely working 
cheeks quite visible to her daughter watching from the door.
     Soon her father began to moan quietly, his head still buried down 
between her mother's legs, his buttocks quickening in their rise and tall 
as he thrust his swollen member wildly in and out of her contorting mouth.  
He was beginning to gasp for air, and he was forced to raise his head, 
crying out as he did so.
     "I'm cumming, Susannah!  Oh you wonderful girl; I'm cumming!  I'm 
cccuummmmiiiinnnggg ..."
     Linda expected her mother drunk as she must surely be to actually 
choke in her desperate fight for air, or certainly to tear herself away 
from that thickly jerking penis, but incredibly, she stayed there with the 
impaling hardness in her mouth and swallowing, actually swallowing the 
surging load of semen.  Linda continued to stare as though hypnotized by 
the debauched sight of her own mother behaving like a degraded whore.  And 
her father!  His cock was still hard and seemed frighteningly long as he 
drew it from her mother's mouth.
     With the feeling that her parents had deserted her, that her world 
had finally crumbled to ashes, Linda managed to shake herself from her 
state of numbed shock and leave the depraved spectacle behind her.  
Silently, she closed the door and went to the main entrance of the house 
where she carefully let herself in, turning off the terrace lights before 
creeping softly up the stairs to her room.  The desolate blonde teenager 
removed her clothes in the dark and sank back onto the bed to stare 
blankly up at the shadowed ceiling in a state of shock and 
incomprehension, until at last blessed sleep came to carry her off into 
forgetfulness.



Chapter 3

     The early morning rush to complete packing, take showers, eat 
breakfast and get to the airport precluded any discussion about the 
previous night.  Linda's mother did manage to ask after Tom, and her 
father wondered how Linda had got into the house and into bed without 
anyone hearing.  Linda was trying to avoid her parents, an intention that 
went unnoticed in the scramble to catch the Queensland and Northern 
Territory Aerial Service Qantas airliner.  Linda made a half-hearted 
attempt to scribble a note to Tom before she left, but it was no use.  She 
was weighed down with an overwhelming sense of guilt, at the same time 
feeling shocked and disappointed with him.  Each time the incident came 
into her mind she pushed it away, only to be haunted again and again by 
the scene in the convertible as well as the low depths to which her 
parents had sunk.
     She didn't ask them about their farewell parties, the only thing said 
being her mother's comment.
     "I swear I'll never mix cocktails and champagne again as long as I 
live.  I don't even remember going to bed last night."
     Neither the mother nor daughter noticed the smile on Arnold Spender's 
face.  He was quite used to her pretense that she didn't remember a thing 
... especially after they had enjoyed a particularly wanton session of 
lovemaking ... and the more uninhibited she had been the night before, the 
less she pretended to remember.
     Linda, however, wondered if her father had also suffered a blackout, 
if what she had witnessed had been performed while they were both 
semiconscious under the influence of alcohol.  She felt a little relieved 
at this thought then paled at the remembrance that she, herself, when she 
kissed Tom's penis, was perfectly sober.  She could not lay the blame on 
drink or drugs, and she was beginning to realize that she couldn't really 
blame Tom.
     They arrived at Honolulu in the early afternoon, allowing time for 
the three of them to go to the beach before dinner.  Linda's parents were 
pleased to see that she was getting over her dark mood.  The poor girl was 
missing Tom quite badly, they both thought, and went out of their way to 
indulge her with little gifts, including a color Polaroid land camera.  
They dined late, taking a long while over the meal, since they were to 
change to a different flight after midnight.  There was plenty of time, 
explained Arnold Spender, as he didn't have to be in Sydney until Sunday.
     "Well, this is only Friday," said Linda.  "Why don't we stay in 
Honolulu another day?"
     "Because, Princess, we lose a day when we cross the International 
Date Line.  We leave here early on Saturday morning, and a few hours later 
we land at Sydney on Sunday morning.  Then, on Sunday afternoon we're 
invited to tea with the Dowlings.  He's chairman of the Australian 
company."
     "I don't think I'd want to go visiting, Daddy.  Couldn't I just go 
surfing ... we're staying at Bondi Beach, aren't we?"
     "Sure you can," her mother said.  "Do whatever you please.  This is a 
vacation for you, and we want you to make the most of it.  You're only 
young once, Princess."
     Her father called for the check and they left the restaurant to catch 
a taxi out to the airport.  "I think you'll be surprised when we get to 
Bondi Beach, Linda.  The apartment looks right over the beach, and on 
Sunday they've got a spectacular surf carnival that will be more fun for 
you than having tea with these dull old business associates of mine."
     The plane took off on schedule and landed, after a little over six 
hours, at Sydney's Kingsford Smith airport.  An hour later, the Spenders 
entered their luxurious apartment overlooking Bondi Beach with the blue 
Pacific stretching out to the horizon.
     Early as it was, the morning sun was already hot, its rays burning 
down on a crowd of people already swimming in the surf or lying on the 
beach.  It was all so inviting, so temptingly cool, and the surf was just 
right for shooting; Linda could hardly wait to slip into a bikini.  During 
the long flight she had made up her mind to forgive Tom, a decision that 
eased some of the shameful guilt nagging her for so long that she'd felt 
she was on the edge of a nervous breakdown.  Having made that decision and 
having slept soundly on the plane, she now felt exhilarated, as though she 
were about to enter a wonderful adventure.
     "When do we go to church, Daddy?" she called out.
     "Guess we'll skip it this Sunday, Princess.  Perhaps we'll go twice 
next Sunday, to make up," he said teasingly.
     Hundreds of cars were moving in to park along the beach front as 
Linda walked across the broad boulevard to the beach.  She copied the 
local girls who wore nothing except bikini and sandals, noting that there 
didn't seem to be any obvious difference between Americans and 
Australians, as far as looks were concerned.  Suntanned youths earned 
boards across clean golden sand down to the surf where the breakers were 
rolling in.  The sights and smell of the sand and sea reminded her more of 
Hawaii's Waikiki than of Long Beach.  At this hour of the morning there 
were long patches of empty spaces.  She dropped her towel and ran into the 
sea, diving under a breaker then swimming out against the rollers to wait 
for a big one that would bring her back to shore.  The cool salt water 
washing over her body brought on the animal sensations that always flooded 
tingling through her body when she lay flat on a board, her pelvis pushing 
hard down to hold her balance.
     If only she had a surfboard to ride these superb waves!  After 
shooting several breakers, she was about to leave the water when an empty 
board came tumbling towards her and she automatically grabbed it, knowing 
that its owner would be saved an extra swim from the beach to retrieve it.  
She was looking around for someone to claim it when suddenly a head popped 
up beside her, a slightly freckled face under a strange looking red and 
green cap.  A lean and bronzed arm reached over the board and the young 
man's pleasant voice said, "Thanks, Miss, that's very kind of you to catch 
it for me."
     Linda stared at this handsome apparition, this smiling young man with 
twinkling blue eyes and the funny cap.
     "Hi.  Do all Australians wear bathing caps?"  she asked laughingly.  
"Or have you got your curlers in?"
     The young man threw back his head and laughed.  "Hell no!  You must 
be a stranger not to recognize a Life Saver's cap.  Where do you come 
from?"
     "Actually, I only arrived a couple of hours ago," Linda explained.  
"I'm from California.  You know where that is, don't you?"
     "Sure thing.  It's where they grow oranges and beautiful girls.  I 
bet they don't have beaches like Bondi over there."
     "Of course we do.  Maybe better than this, though it's hard to 
imagine a more perfect day than this.  Anyway.  I do like your cap.  It's 
kinda cute."
     Linda was attracted to him despite the fact that he obviously worked 
as some sort of lifeguard.  She was in a mood to flirt, at least to meet 
some young people, to get away from the presence of her parents for 
awhile.  These was still that disturbing image of them lingering in the 
back of her mind.
     "Is that all you do, save lives?" she asked.
     "Hell no!  It's only a voluntary job.  By the way," he said, lifting 
his body onto the board, "My name's Hugh.  Hugh Watson."
     "Hello Hugh.  I'm Linda."
     "Can you ride a board, Linda?"
     "Certainly.  Are you offering me yours?"
     Hugh smiled.  He was offering her his all right.  He'd give it to her 
right up the ass! he chuckled to himself.  So far, he'd only been able to 
see the long blonde hair falling down into the blue-green water and two 
nice little rounded breasts cupped in a narrow black bikini top.
     "Climb aboard and take it away, Linda.  It's all yours.  I'll wait 
for you on the beach."
     He slid off the board, treading water while she pulled herself up to 
lie flat and paddle out into the oncoming breakers.  Phew!  He said to 
himself, what a luscious piece of ass.  Hope she's sixteen or it could 
mean jail for me.  Floating on his back, he watched Linda's ass-cheeks 
tightening and relaxing as she pushed the board out, noticing that, when 
she knelt up on it, her golden tan went all the way down to the small 
cleft between her well-rounded buttocks showing temptingly above the brief 
bikini pants.  He smiled luxuriously to himself, closed his eyes and let 
the waves float him back towards the beach.  He was going to get inside 
those pants if it was the last thing he did.
     Hugh was captain of a Life Saving team from Brisbane competing in the 
national championships being held at the carnival that Sunday.  He was, in


From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:47:14 1996
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!in2.uu.net!news.ios.com!ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net!user
From: grobert@soho.ios.com (TheEditor)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: WkEnCptv 2/8  "The Weekend Captive"
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 13:02:40 -0700
Organization: Internet Online Services
Lines: 492
Message-ID: <grobert-2006961302400001@ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net

fact, a professional, working as an inspector on the beach at Surfer's 
Paradise in Queensland.  It was the only life he knew, having left school 
early, and now, at the age of twenty-one, he wasn't interested in doing 
anything else.  He'd tried various jobs, driving trucks on the Brisbane-
Sydney run and working as a builder's laborer, work that took him away too 
long from the lazy days on beaches and pleasant nights with girls so 
easily picked up.  At Surfer's Paradise it was holiday time all year 
round.  For Hugh, that was what life was all about sun, sea and girls a 
life his police sergeant father constantly complained about, always 
unavailingly.  Typically Australian, the young surfer detested snobbery 
and resented being looked down on for his coarse accent he considered 
himself as good as anyone.
     Hugh eased his six foot frame out of the sea and strolled along the 
beach to a small group of friends from his team.  They all wore the little 
red and green caps tied with tape under their chins.  Their carnival 
swimsuits were also green with a band of red zigzagged from chest to 
crotch.  The "crooked phallic symbol," they called it.  He lowered himself 
down onto the sand beside Tiger Kelly.
     "Just picked up a snooty little American broad, Tiger," he said, 
cocking his eyes out to where Linda was sliding his board down a wave.  
"There she goes."
     "Looks fuckable from here," drawled Tiger.  "What's she like close 
up?"
     "Pretty as a picture.  Well stacked and a butt like two ripe melons.  
Bit young though might be unlucky thirteen, but I'm hoping she's lucky 
sixteen."
     "Better keep old Sludge-Pump Yates away from her.  You know what a 
bastard he is with kids.  Likes to try and split them apart with his 
colossal tool," Tiger observed, referring to Jim Yates, another of the 
team.  "Of course, we could always open her up for him."
     "Yeah," replied Hugh, "and don't forget I get the openers.  Don't 
start getting ideas yet, friend.  We haven't got it on a plate."
     "What's the plan, Hugh?  Can we use Jenny's apartment?"
     Jenny was Hugh's cousin who shared an apartment with another girl in 
a building at the north end of the beach.  She was a leading fashion model 
who traveled a great deal to other cities and had invited Hugh to stay at 
the apartment while he was down for the carnivals at Bondi and Coogee.  
Hugh often wondered why Jenny never seemed to have a regular boyfriend, 
let alone prospective husband.  At twenty-seven, she was a stunningly 
beautiful girl.  Hugh supposed she was too busy with her career, never 
staying anywhere long enough to establish a lasting association with a 
man.  Tiger Kelly had taken her out in Brisbane and had gotten nowhere 
with her.  A bit of a dyke, he thought then, keeping his ideas to himself 
so as not to offend Hugh who could be quick-tempered and a little too 
ready with his fists.
     "Jenny won't be back from Melbourne until late tonight and her 
roommate's away in the country," said Hugh.  "I think the little Yankee 
doll and I might have a twosome after the carnival.  You guys can come 
along later for a gang-bang," he added, relapsing into his normal coarse 
speech.
     Having caught two long rides right up to the beach Linda decided to 
leave the water to dry off in the sun.  As she dragged the board onto the 
sand, she saw Hugh detach himself from the group of men in green and red 
swimsuits and run towards her.  She couldn't help but notice his powerful 
build, the lithe and easy stride of his long legs nor could she help 
looking down the red zigzag to the bulge between his legs.  She felt a 
strange excitement slowly building up inside her, putting it down to the 
fact that she liked the look of this fresh-faced Australian with his nice 
smile and twinkling blue eyes.  Surely she couldn't be falling in love 
with a complete stranger, especially one dressed as though he were 
prepared for some outlandish beach side-show or circus.  The idea somehow 
thrilled her.  Tom was thousands of miles away.  Why shouldn't she like 
someone she met in the sea, someone who was built like a Greek god?
     "You ride a board like an expert.  Almost as good as a man," Hugh 
said, laughing as he ran up to greet her.  "What did you think of it?"
     "I loved the ride," Linda replied.  "But I'm afraid the board is out 
of my league.  I'd be happier with a shorter one."
     "I can arrange that, if you're staying around for awhile," said Hugh, 
remembering that Jenny had a shorter board in her apartment.
     "Oh, I'll be around for two weeks.  Daddy is here on business.  In 
fact, we are staying in an apartment over there," Linda said, pointing to 
the large apartment building.  "Look, on the third floor, I think that's 
mom on the balcony watching us."  Linda waved and the figure on the 
balcony waved back then lifted her right arm, signaling to Linda that it 
was time she returned for lunch.  "I'm afraid I'll have to go.  Thank you 
very much Hugh for the board."
     "Before you go I'd like you to meet my friends, some of the boys from 
the Brisbane team."  They walked over to the group sitting on the sand.  
"This is Tiger, that's Billy and that one laying down is Sludge ... I mean 
Jim."
     They smilingly called their hellos, letting her know with their eyes 
their approval of her face and figure.  The one called Jim was a little 
too appraising, his eyes lasciviously glued on the four inches of bikini 
that covered the space between her legs.  She nodded coldly in their 
direction.  They didn't appeal to her at all.
     "I suppose you have to be friendly with members of your team," she 
remarked, her nose tilting in the air.  "It's too bad they're such a dull 
group."  Hugh could hardly believe his ears and a red flush of temper 
colored his cheeks.  She did not notice the anger showing on his face as 
she walked away.  He decided to say nothing for the time being.
     He dropped the board to walk with her to the steps.  "Are you coming 
to watch the carnival this afternoon?" he asked.
     "I can't wait," she replied.  "I'm dying to see the surf-boat race."
     "I'll look out for you Linda.  Afterwards you might like to meet my 
cousin Jenny.  She'll lend you her board for as long as you like."
     "Yes, I'd love to meet her.  Thank you very much.  You must come to 
our apartment sometime to meet dad and mom.  See you later at the 
carnival.  Bye for now, Hugh."
     "Cheerio, Linda."
     As he watched her crossing the street his eyes were drawn to the 
magnetic sight of her light brown, silken back with its little cleft 
showing above her buttocks, the slim legs and thin ankles, the long blonde 
hair bouncing back into its natural waves as the sun dried it out.  He 
watched until she disappeared into the entrance of the apartment building.  
Looking up at the balcony he saw her mother still watching; he waved to 
her but she made no response; perhaps she was looking at the scene on the 
beach where thousands of people in a variety of beach gear were lounging 
around on the hot sand ... or perhaps she was a snob, too.
     As Linda entered the apartment she was unable to prevent her mind 
again filling with resentment against her parents, remembering that 
debauched scene of her mother sucking away at her father's penis ... and 
swallowing.  She wished she hadn't returned from the beach where she felt 
free and happy riding rollers in on Hugh's board.  Why did that scene of 
debauchery keep returning to haunt her mind?  She was unreasonably annoyed 
when her mother asked, "Who was that person I saw you talking to on the 
beach?
     "Oh, just a boy who loaned me a surf hoard.  He's one of the life 
savers or whatever they call themselves; he's in the carnival this 
afternoon,"  she replied, somewhat petulantly.  Linda had enjoyed so much 
freedom and trust back home she now resented this tone of her mother, 
suggesting that her independence could be restricted.  "Is lunch ready?" 
she asked.  "I'm starved."
     "Yes, it's all ready," her mother replied.  She had long accepted the 
fact that Linda was a headstrong girl.  "You'd better leave your shower 
until later."
     After lunch Linda washed off the salt water and lay on her bed with 
the sunlight playing on her naked body, her eyes closed as she felt the 
heat relaxing her.  Half-asleep in the sun-induced doze, she dreamily 
caressed her small, rounded breasts, bringing the little pink nipples up 
as she did so, then letting one hand almost aimlessly wander down along 
her flat stomach, her palm pressing firmly down until she felt the soft 
mound of her pubic triangle.  As she sank towards sleep she felt with her 
middle finger the lips of her vagina, unconsciously probing further until 
her finger slid unexpectedly into the moist groove.  She rolled gently 
from side to side with her hand still there, her finger moving slowly back 
and forth over the firmly erect clitoris.  She was barely conscious of 
what she was doing or the fact that she was getting half-formed visions of 
Hugh's face ... her mother guiding her father's cock inside her ... Hugh 
running towards her ... the swollen red patch of his carnival swimming 
costume.  The sensuousness of the touch of her finger lingered with her as 
she fell into a deep, contented sleep.



Chapter 4

     It was around three o'clock in the afternoon when a loud knocking on 
Linda's bedroom door awakened her, causing her to sit up with a start.  
She thought she was in her own room at home until she saw the strange 
walls and furniture.
     "Princess, wake up," called the reassuring voice of her father.  
"We're leaving now."  He opened the door an inch or two, seeing her naked 
on the bed.  For the first time that she could remember she felt 
embarrassed with him looking at her.  "I looked in earlier," he added, 
"but you were sleeping so soundly I didn't have the heart to wake you."
     "What time is it?" she asked, thinking to herself that it was time 
her parents respected her privacy.
     "A little after three.  You'd better hurry if you don't want to miss 
the carnival, though I wonder if anyone can get near the parades, the 
beach is so packed.  There must be a hundred thousand people down there.  
We'll be back at about seven.  We've left the phone number where you can 
contact us if you need to.  'Bye now, Princess."  His eyes furtively 
lingered longer than was necessary on her ripe young body.
     "Bye baby, have a nice time," called her mother as they left the 
apartment.
     Linda looked out the window at the scene on the beach.  She had never 
seen so many people jammed together on a beach.  There were squads of Life 
Savers, each squad in different colored costumes, marching in a high knee-
action along the sand, row after row of tall, bronzed young men.  In the 
front of each squad one of them carried a short pole with a banner 
proclaiming the name of the surf team.  She could pick out the Brisbane 
team in their green and red; the man in front looked like Hugh, she 
thought.  Again she experienced that strange tightening inside her, an 
excitement combined with apprehension; she felt it right through her body, 
a moist heat forming under her naked mound.  She unconsciously let her 
hand caress herself before hurriedly slipping into her bikini.  Perhaps 
she should wear a beach dress, she thought.  No, she felt better freer in 
her bikini.  She must hurry, not to miss the parade; she put on her 
sandals, picked up her Polaroid camera, grabbed a towel and rushed out of 
the apartment, slamming the door behind her.
     Damn!  She'd forgotten her beach purse and the front-door key.  
Stepping out of the elevator she looked for a hall porter's office on the 
ground floor.  There was none!  Gosh, I'm locked out until seven this 
evening, she thought, without worrying too much about it.
     The street was empty of moving traffic; everything had come to a 
stop.  Linda walked down to the beach and forced her way through the crowd 
until it became so thick around the parading Life Savers she could move no 
further.
     "I'll give you a leg up," suggested a leering youth, putting his hand 
under her ass.  A bald, middle-aged man standing nearby laughed.  "I'll 
give you a finger up," he called crudely to her as she pushed away to 
stand near what appeared to be a respectable family group.  Soon there was 
loud cheering.  "That's the end of it.  Maraboubra's won again," she heard 
someone say.  Linda walked well away from the main crowd to where she 
could sit down and watch the life boats being rowed in a race through the 
surf, a few boats being overturned in the process.  She stood up in time 
to see the green-and-red team's boat nose up in the air, twist sideways 
and turn over in the foam of a huge dumping wave.  That must be Hugh's 
boat, she thought, and ran along the wet sand.  It was the Brisbane boat, 
swamped and out of the race.  He came ashore carrying an oar over his 
shoulder, grinning as if he'd won.  She lifted her camera and snapped.
     "Hi there, Linda.  Did you see us turn turtle?  The steersman's being 
brought in unconscious so we're out of the race."
     "Gee, I'm sorry, Hugh."
     "Oh, I'll get over it!" he grinned boyishly.  "I'm just going to see 
if Jim's OK and then how about you and me going to the north end for a 
swim?  It's not so crowded up there."
     "I'd like that, if we can actually get there through this crowd."
     "Nothing to it.  We'll walk along the promenade."
     Hugh saw that Jim had come around with nothing worse than a lump on 
his head.  He rejoined Linda, walking her a half-mile or so along the 
scorching concrete promenade at the back of the beach which was crowded 
from one end to the other.  Linda could see little point in trying to swim 
anywhere, it was all too unpleasantly packed.  Hugh agreed with her.  "May 
as well go home," he suggested, testing to see if she wanted to stay with 
him.  Her answer was promising:
     "That's not possible for a few hours.  I forgot to bring a door key 
and my parents are out for the whole afternoon.  They won't be back until 
this evening."  She neglected to add that it was to see him that she had 
rushed out of the apartment in such a hurry.
     Hugh tried to appear concerned.  "Look, I'll tell you what we'll do 
if you like.  I'll take you to Jenny's apartment.  She's my cousin.  A 
terrific girl, you'll like her.  She lives just over there," indicating a 
modern apartment block across the street.  "She's very respectable, a top-
class model.  And anyway I wanted to borrow her board for you.  How about 
it, do you trust me?"
     Linda trusted that winning smile and those steady eyes.  She could 
see now that he had removed his cap that his hair was a sandy color, a 
little too short by modern standards though probably right for a swimmer.  
That feeling inside her suddenly welled up again.  Her heart seemed to 
beat a little faster.  She should refuse the invitation he was a complete 
stranger, and she was virtually alone in a strange country, moreover, the 
phone number her parents left was in the locked apartment ... and she 
wondered if she could trust herself.
     "Yes, Hugh, I trust you." she lied.  She didn't really ... but she 
found herself wanting to trust him.  As soon as she had said "Yes" she 
regretted it, because she thought she saw a sudden strange glint in his 
eyes.  Even then she couldn't say "No".  It would be all right, she told 
herself.  Australians were decent people, the most sports-minded people in 
the world.  Her father admired and respected them very much.  "Old-
fashioned and old-world people.  Pioneer people," she'd heard him describe 
them.  "You never hear of rape cases in Australia," she'd heard her mother 
tell someone on the phone.  "You never hear of muggings in Australian 
cities ..."
     With these thoughts going around her mind she found herself walking 
out of the hot sun into the cool foyer of a building.  They were going up 
in the elevator when she suddenly realized that High didn't have his towel 
with him, and when he produced a key from a chain around his neck she 
suddenly felt apprehensive.
     "Do you live here, too?" she asked.
     "No, I'm just staying here while I'm in Sydney.  Don't you believe 
it's Jenny's apartment?  Look at the clothes do you think I'd wear them?"  
Linda looked into a bedroom strewn with dresses and a table covered with 
cosmetics.
     "Where's Jenny?" Linda asked.
     "Must be down on the beach with a hundred thousand others," said 
Hugh, laughing.  "How about an Aussie Coke?"
     "I could drink a gallon, I'm so thirsty,"  laughed Linda, feeling 
relaxed again and rather more sure of this stranger in his funny outfit.  
He was soon back with tall glasses filled with Coke and ice.  They clinked 
glasses.
     "One thing I must do," he said, "is take a shower.  Jenny gets mad at 
me for bringing sand and salt into this place.  Will you please excuse me 
for a minute?"
     "Of course.  Perhaps I should wash the sand off, too," she called 
after him as he went to the bathroom.  She took a long drink of her Coke.  
It was cold but what a strange flavor ... quite different from the Coke at 
home.  Thirstily she drained the whole glass.  Hugh was literally a minute 
taking his shower, returning dressed in blue trunks and a flowered shirt 
open all the way down the front.
     "That was quick," she said.
     "Your turn next.  Like another Coke before you go?"
     "Yes, please, Hugh.  I must say your Coke tastes very different from 
ours.  Seems to be a little flatter or something."
     "I've never tried yours so I wouldn't know the difference," he said, 
bringing her another filled glass from the kitchen.  "Here's to us," he 
toasted, draining the glass.  "Here's to us," she responded, draining 
hers.
     It was while she was under the shower that she felt the first strong 
effects of the vodka spiked in her drink: the glassed shower stall seemed 
to sway; the dizziness passed, but then she felt as though all her 
strength had drained from her body.  She had to get out of the shower.  
She stumbled to pick up a towel and sat on a stool, drying herself as she 
wondered what on earth had come over her.  Could it have been too much 
sun?  Her father had always warned her of the dangerous rays that 
particularly affected fair-skinned people.  She felt she had to get out of 
the steamy bathroom before she really did faint, and wrapping the large 
bath towel around herself dazedly returned to the living room.
     "What's the matter, you look a bit pale?"  asked Hugh in a voice full 
of concern.
     "I think it must be the sun.  A touch of sunstroke.  Could I have 
another cold Coke?  I really am thirsty," Linda murmured, sitting down on 
the couch.
     "Sure thing.  I'll mix a couple more," he said, wanting to kick 
himself for using the word "mix", but she didn't seem to notice.  She was 
on the way out.  He brought the drinks and sat down beside her, telling 
her to drink up it would do her good.  The only way to cure a touch of the 
sun was to stay cool, inside.
     "Thanksh, Hugh," she mumbled, leaning her head on his shoulder.  "I 
like you."  He noticed the slurring, and his loins began to heat up as he 
placed an arm around her shoulders.
     "That's nice to hear, Linda.  I like you, too.  I like what I'm going 
to do to you, more."
     She jerked her head up, a soft curl falling across her forehead.  
"What are you going to do to me?" she asked, pouting her lips.
     "Kiss you," he said, pulling her head towards him and kissing her on 
her hot yielding mouth.  Letting his empty glass slip to the floor he 
slowly pulled aside the towel, exposing her small round breasts, the 
nipples already formed into hard little points of pink.  Her skin felt as 
smooth as satin as he caressed her proudly upthrust breasts.  She kept her 
mouth on his, pressing hard with her eyes closed.  She felt his tongue 
probing for hers and she replied, pushing her tongue past his into his 
mouth.  When he pressed his hand against her and closed his fingers around 
her right breast she made a vague attempt to push his arm away; she pushed 
twice before weakly giving up.  He tried to pull away from her lips only 
to find that she wanted more, wanted to stay kissing with her mouth and 
tongue working greedily on his as if she were starved.
     Jeez, he realized, she's a red hot number, and I thought she was all 
innocence.  He pulled away, taking off his shirt.  She half-opened her 
eyes, startled.
     "What are you doing?"
     "Taking off my shirt.  Next go my trunks, see?" he grinned, dropping 
them on the floor.
     The terrified young virgin stared unbelievingly at his thick swollen 
penis jutting straight out from a mass of sandy pubic hair.  "Oh no, NO!  
NO!  NO!" she pleaded, too shocked when he slapped her to feel the 
stinging blow on her cheek.  "Oh please don't, Hugh, please don't,"  she 
begged piteously as he roughly ripped the towel away from her naked body 
and pushed her sprawling in all her nakedness back along the couch.  "Oh 
please don't," she pleaded in a last desperate bid for mercy as he lay 
alongside her, bringing her mouth to his and shoving his hand forcefully 
up between her legs.
     "You want it, you bitch," he growled at her.  "I can feel how wet you 
are.  You're aching for it, aren't you?  You want me to fuck you."
     "NO, I've NEVER done it," she gasped.  She felt that she had been 
drugged, she was so weak.  Suddenly it dawned on her it wasn't the sun, it 
was something in the Coke.  It must be!
     Something deep down inside her drink-fogged brain wanted him to force 
her, yet she was afraid and he was revolting her with his crude language.  
I'm not a bitch, she said to herself.  Not like my mother.  Why did Hugh 
have to say "fuck"   that ugly four-letter word?  Why did his penis remind 
her of her father's?  The size, she mused hazily, the size ... she could 
feel it pressing against her belly, hard and pulsating with a glistening 
clear drop of seeping moisture at its tip.  Hugh's tongue was driving hard 
up into her mouth and she involuntarily answered his lewd French kiss with 
her own tongue, as she irresistibly thrust her quivering pussy up in 
search of his probing finger.  She felt herself crying.  She had no 
strength to push him off when he rolled on top of her, his strong legs 
forcing hers apart slowly but surely as the hand that had been driving up 
toward her pussy moved quickly underneath her straining ass-cheeks to move 
her body down so that she could feel his hot hard penis probing up into 
the crevice of her cringing cuntal slit.  He's going to fuck me!  Oh God, 
my thoughts are becoming as crude as a whore's!  As crude as my mother's.  
Oh, how can I stop him? she thought wildly as her body seemed to respond 
in spite of her conscience.
     Her pussy was now undulating frantically under Hugh's weight, 
reaching up to kiss his cock with its grasping lips.  The fingers of the 
hand he held under her buttocks were probing greedily up into the soft 
valley between her ass-cheeks, at the same time pulling the rounded half-
moons toward him so that his rock-hard cock pressed more firmly into her 
trembling vaginal flesh.
     The handsome young surfer lifted his face from hers, moving down to 
suck her swollen nipples, and lick her breasts up and down, then back to 
the taut little peaks from one upthrust mound to the other.  This made her 
think of Tom, bringing with it the thought of the hot sperm he had 
splashed across her cheek and breasts.
     "Ohhh, don't, I don't want to," she moaned, pushing up with her body 
this time in protest against Hugh's powerful weight.
     Hugh reached down with both hands, spreading her legs wide apart to 
give better access to the blood-filled head of his cock as he started to 
push viciously against the soft entrance of her tender young vagina.  
Jeez, he thought, maybe she is a virgin.  I can't get it in, it's so 
small.
     "Stop trying to squeeze your thighs together, you little bitch.  
Otherwise I'll ram it right up into you.  It won't hurt if you let go.  
Take it easy, baby, and see how nice it can be."
     Linda fought to hold her thighs taut but the effect of the vodka and 
the uncontrollable urge of her body overwhelmed her, so that slowly she 
relaxed her futile attempts to prevent the heedless assault on her 
virginal young loins.  With every slight giving-way of her resistance, the 
farther that threatening thick cock moved into her, her own moisture and 
the wetness coming from his rampaging penis combining to defeat her feeble 
struggles.
     Suddenly, it was as if her insides had exploded.  Hugh made a violent 
lunging thrust, breaking the delicate virginal membrane, surging through 
to plunge deep up inside her trembling cunt.  She didn't dare move for 
fear of increasing the sudden searing pain, and she clung to him, 
desperately trying to keep him from advancing any farther.
     "Aaaaagghh!  Please don't move it, oh please don't.  You'll tear me 
apart."
     Hugh waited a minute to let her calm down, giving her cunt time to 
gradually adjust to the sudden intrusion of his full pulsing length as he 
pushed his fingers into her golden hair to pull her head up so that he 
could kiss her fearfully quivering lips.  As he did so he began gently 
flexing his turgid cock-shaft inside her, slowly, very slowly at first, 
until in a little while he was moving it in and out in small smooth 
strokes lubricated by her secretions.  God, she liked it!  He could tell 
by the way she was kissing him now in wild erotic abandon.
     The sandy-haired Australian reached down with one hand to pull her 
buttocks toward his own loins, smiling when she thrust up to help him, and 
as the length of his stroke increased the teen-age American threw her legs 
around his back and began to gyrate her pelvis in a lewd rhythm, her body 
lost in a fire of smoldering passion.  Her senses were immersed in the 
haze of unaccustomed alcohol as every muscle in her body tensed with the 
strain of raising her ass-cheeks and hips upward toward that hotly 
prodding cock up between her legs.  If she had only known before how 
wonderful it was, the man on top of her now would have been Tom.  Yet the 
drink-dimmed blonde wondered if she really cared.  God, she suddenly 
realized, how degraded she was, how wanton!  She must stop.  NOW!
     Linda tried to push Hugh away, but again she hadn't the strength, and 
he pinned her down sharply by pushing his stone-hard rod forward to pinion 
her firmly against the couch.  The pummeling was so intense she thought he 
must surely rupture her insides, and she groaned as he pushed up on the 
next instroke and groaned louder as he held it there, ramming so far up 
into her vaginal recesses she could feel his balls slapping obscenely 
against the moist cheeks of her clenched buttocks.
     She squirmed helplessly beneath him, feeling the hot throbbing 
intrusion as his blunt instrument skewered cruelly into her cringing cunt, 
flexing her vaginal walls in a vain effort to adjust to his impaling 
thickness.  But the squeeze of her contracting pussy-flesh only had the 
effect of exciting him to pursue with renewed vigor his merciless thrusts 
up into her defenseless cuntal depths.
     "Not so hard, Hugh," she begged pitifully.
     He noticed the tears running down her cheeks as he grinned lewdly 
down at her.
     "Say please," he demanded, thrusting his loins forward harshly.
     "Oh, please," the writhing girl whimpered.
     "Please what ... please do what?  Ask me to fuck you, bitch!"
     Realizing that she was hopelessly trapped on his impaling shaft, the 
feebly struggling young virgin thought: It's all my own fault.  It was 
asking for trouble to come here alone with Hugh.  The relentlessly 
pistoning rod was lighting unwanted fires in her loins and abruptly it 
came to her that she wanted it, she wanted him to fuck her.
     "Please fuck me.  Fuck me gently, Hugh."  She abandoned herself to 
the exquisite pain that was a perverse kind of pleasure.  There was no 
strength left in her to resist as his cock continued jack-hammering into 
her virginal cuntal depths, her wracked body coming to life on its own, 
giving way to the hunger that had grown in her dilated vagina.  Their 
bodies were by now slippery with sweat and he was sliding backward and 
forward over her, his chest pushing tight against her small virginal 
breasts, their nipples pink and protuberant.
     She closed her eyes, lost in a haze of helpless abandonment.  In her 
mind she had not completely surrendered herself, although for a while that 
day she had idly thought she was half in love with this sun-tanned 
Australian.  Now it seemed her body was wanting his body, betraying her 
conscious wish with its unconscious yearnings, and there was nothing she 
could do about it.
     To Hugh, the conquest was easier than he thought it would be.  The 
way she carried herself in that holier-than-thou attitude, the way she 
barely condescended to say hello to his friends.  Who the hell did she 
think she was?  To him she was a succulent little morsel, a gorgeous 
golden peach just ripening and ready to be plucked.  He'd had a hard time 
keeping his old monster at bay, knowing that if she'd seen his swimsuit 
bulging with a hard-on she'd have run like a frightened deer in a forest 
fire.  He'd never had one as young as this.  Young and proud, the little 
bitch.  Wait till he brought the boys up to look her over!  Sludge-Pump 
Yates would give her a nice big souvenir of Bondi Beach.  While he was 
reaching around her ass-cheeks to wet his finger so that he could shove it 
up her little brown rubbery asshole he began working on a plan that would 
give all his mates a go at her.  They'd make her the best-fucked ex-virgin 
in New South Wales, root her to a standstill if she could take it.
     He felt her grinding up to him now, really grinding, wanting more and 
more of it.  It must have been a reaction to his finger going into her 
asshole, going in so far he could actually feel the movement of his cock 
inside her.  She liked that all right.  He worked back at her, moving high 
up on her so that as his raging cock moved in and out, his body rubbed 
harder on her clitoris, bringing her toward her first orgasm.
     The lust-inflamed girl had stopped talking now, simply moaning with 
ecstasy.
     "Ask me again.  What do you want me to do," he breathed in her ear.
     But all she could do was mumble "Fuck me, fuck me," and continue the 
soft rising and falling moan.  She was on the way to passing out from the 
three stiff vodkas the leg opener had sure worked a treat, he gloated to 
himself.  She mumbled something else, something about "Mom sucking Daddy's 
cock ..."  Interesting, he thought.
     He raised himself up on his hands to gloatingly stare at her face, 
her fluttering eyelids, her gasping mouth, her two deliciously budding 
breasts with their erect pink nipples, the narrow waist and the flat 
stomach.  He sucked in his belly so that he could watch his cock pumping 
into her, withdrawing slowly then rushing it back forcefully into that 
glorious warm cunt, so tight and so moist, that rose to meet his thrust.  
God, she loved it and wanted it.  She was now wanting his finger in her 
rectum as much as she wanted his furiously pumping cock in her cunt, and 
she was beginning to writhe more rapidly.  She already had learned to 
control her cunt muscles, timing their contraction and expansion with 
contractions of her anal opening.
     "Fuck me," she shamelessly moaned, "Fuck me."
     Then more quickly she repeated it, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," and 
louder still, "FUCK ME, FUCK ME, OH FUCK ME."
     Hugh was fucking as he'd never fucked before.  This was the best 
piece of tail he'd ever had.  Were all Yankee broads like this, he 
wondered.  Jeez, what a wonderful breed.  He increased the speed of his


From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:47:25 1996
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!in2.uu.net!news.ios.com!ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net!user
From: grobert@soho.ios.com (TheEditor)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: WkEnCptv 3/8  "The Weekend Captive"
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 13:03:01 -0700
Organization: Internet Online Services
Lines: 504
Message-ID: <grobert-2006961303020001@ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net

stroke, lowered himself down flat against the love-starved girl's 
convulsively twitching body and shoved his throbbing rod harder and harder 
into her until he felt himself coming to a mind-blowing climax.
     "Aaaahhhh I'm cumming, Linda baby, I'm cuuummmiinnngg ..."
     As he jerked wildly forward and shot his wad deep inside her 
tortured, wetly hot vagina, she began to moan louder and louder, threshing 
her head from side to side uncontrollably until her first real orgasm 
shook her body like a bolt of electricity as her breath came in shuddering 
gasps.
     And then Linda's ravished body began to relax with little quivering 
shakes while short sobbing gasps came from her throat.
     She never opened her eyes before she finally fell into the relief of 
oblivion.  Hugh, with a broad grin of satisfied lust, slowly pulled his 
wetly glistening still-hard cock out of the cum-filled cunt with a lewd 
viscous sucking sound.  He had wanted to shove it into her mouth, to force 
her to suck him off, but she had passed out, the silly little bitch.
     Seeing Linda's Polaroid camera on a chair, he thought to himself, 
I'll take a picture of Miss Uppity as a memento of her first fuck.  He 
aimed the camera at an angle looking up between her spread-eagled legs and 
having placed one of her hands in her cruelly ravished, inflamed pussy.
     The camera snapped in a brilliant flash of light.



Chapter 5

     It was growing dark when Linda came to with a start.  As she sat up 
her head felt as though it would fall off, her body ached when she leaned 
forward, groaning helplessly as the memory of the afternoon flooded back 
to her sickened, tortured mind.  There was an ache between her legs, an 
ache that spread around to her back, and as she looked down along her body 
she saw the bloody stain of her virginity on the couch and felt the ooze 
of cum in her inflamed pussy.
     With the curtains drawn the room was so dark she didn't see Hugh, who 
was dozing on the floor with a cushion under his head, until she stumbled 
over him on her way to the bathroom, waking him up.  She could see flecks 
of white, dried cum in the sandy hairs at the bottom of his stomach, and 
the weapon that had so violently taken her virginity lay slack, bent 
against his thigh, exposing his large testicle sac.  And even as she 
watched him opening his eyes to stare up at her in a dull, half-
comprehending way, she noticed the limp cock move slowly from a bent shape 
into a growing, semi-stiff curve.  She fled to the bathroom and locked the 
door.
     "Hey there Linda!  Open up and let's get together under the shower.  
Come on, be a sport!" he called out.  Jeez, he thought, I could go on 
banging this little bitch all night.
     "If you don't leave me alone I'll open the bathroom window and 
scream, do you hear?"  The cold shower was refreshing her but with the 
sobering force of it needling her skin she began to realize her 
predicament.  She was supposed to be home when her parents returned at 
seven.  She had been ravished.  Should she tell them what had happened ... 
perhaps they would call the police.  But then she had not actually been 
raped.  It was those strange Cokes ... what could she do?
     "Hugh," she called out, tremulously.
     "Do you want me to come in, baby?"
     "I want to know the time.  My parents expect me home at seven."
     "It's only half-past, you're not very late."  Hugh had been thinking 
how he would be in an awkward position if Jenny found the kid here, 
especially if she was being held against her will.  And it'd be a real 
mess if Linda's old man got the cops out looking for her.  Better play it 
cool, he said to himself.
     "Tell you what, Linda," he called.  "I'll walk you home, right now.  
We'll tell your folks that you didn't have your key and that you came to 
tea with Jenny and me.  OK?"
     Now he was being nice again, but could she trust him?  There wasn't 
much she could do about it.  She could wait until his cousin Jenny or the 
girl who shared the apartment returned, but supposing they stayed out all 
night ... her parents would be frantic with worry.  Perhaps they had 
already called the police.
     "Okay, Hugh.  My father has probably already called the police, and I 
think the State law here defines a minor as a person under the age of 
sixteen.  I'm a minor."
     Hugh felt weak in the knees.  Jeez, a bloody minor.  The filthy cops 
just love grabbing a man for knocking off girls underage.  The dirty 
bastards also love quizzing the girls about every little detail.  Why 
didn't the silly bitch tell me?
     "Listen, I didn't know how old you were.  I still don't know."
     "I'm fifteen.  Actually, fifteen and four months."  She could tell by 
the tone of his voice that he was very worried.  She smiled to herself: 
I'll make him squirm.  She dried herself hurriedly and unlocked the door 
to find Hugh dressed in shirt and white slacks ready to take her home.
     They were silent all the way back along the promenade until they 
neared the Spenders' apartment building, then Hugh said, "I'm sorry Linda, 
I guess I fell in love with you and just couldn't resist kissing you.  And 
when I drank a couple of vodkas and Coke I had to make love to you.  Can 
you forgive me?" he begged.  This was his only way out, he believed he had 
to win her.
     "I don't think I could ever forgive you.  You behaved like a bastard.  
You probably are for all I know.  Only that kind of person would sneak 
vodka into my drink.  I suppose it's all I should expect from a truck 
driver or whatever you are.  Or are you a butcher?"  All the way from the 
apartment she had been fretting, her pride outraged by the fact that Hugh 
was probably as common as dirt, as his language was, at least those bits 
that returned to her mind through a fog of memory.  She felt defiled.
     Hugh was quick to counterattack.  "Listen," he said, raising his 
voice a little, "my ancestors weren't convicts as yours probably were.  
We're connected with the aristocracy in England.  My father's a judge in 
the Supreme Court and I'm studying law at the Brisbane University.  So who 
are you?  Just a daughter of a Yank businessman."
     At that moment they were entering the building and coming out of the 
elevator was Linda's father.
     "Princess," he cried, running up to her and throwing an arm around 
her shoulders.  "I was just coming down to look for you.  We've been 
worrying our heads off about you, honey.  We were a little late home and 
thought maybe you'd gone to a movie.  But when we saw your keys still on 
your bedroom table and noticed that your bikini was missing we were about 
to call the police.  What happened?"
     "As you can see, Daddy, I left the keys behind when I went for a 
swim.  Then I met Hugh who took me to his cousin's for tea.  Hugh," she 
continued, unconsciously pulling him gently forward by his arm to meet her 
father, "this is my father, Arnold Spender.  Daddy, meet Hugh Watson.  
He's a law student from Brisbane."  Hugh breathed a sigh of relief.  She 
wasn't calling the cops, by the sound of it.  Bloody little snob.
     "Pleased to meet you, Mr. Spender," Hugh said, putting on his best 
wide smile and twinkling eye.  "Jenny and I were pleased to look after 
your daughter, though she'd be pretty safe around these parts."  Turning 
to Linda he said, "If you ever get lost again you know where to find us.  
Or you could always go to a police station," he added, laughingly.
     "Would you care to come up for a drink, young man?" asked her father.  
Hugh looked at Linda whose eyes said, "Why not?"  However, Hugh had a 
cunning plan forming in his head.  He wasn't going to lose this hot little 
bitch in a hurry.
     "I'd certainly like to, sir," he said, remembering that young 
Americans he saw on the movies always said "sir" to their elders.  
"Unfortunately, I have to study tonight.  These surf carnivals use up too 
much of my time.  Perhaps I might phone Linda one day, if that's all right 
with her.  My cousin will lend her a surf board and I could show Linda 
where the big ones are."  Hugh chortled to himself.  The biggest one was 
in the pants of old Sludge-Pump Yates.
     "Why, of course, Hugh.  Phone any time.  Here's our number."  Arnold 
Spender took a card from his pocket and wrote down the phone number of the 
apartment.  "By the way," he added, "I forgot to thank you for looking 
after Linda.  Thank your cousin for me, too.  Good night."
     "Good night sir, good night Linda," replied Hugh.
     "Good night," she said.  Her voice sounded slightly timid; a bit 
weak, thought Hugh.  Surely she's not falling for me just because I said I 
was a bloody law student with a judge for an old man!  Wouldn't that be a 
laugh!  I must dash down to the Surf Club, he said to himself.  I've got a 
lot to tell the boys.  They'll never believe I knocked off a fifteen year 
old this afternoon.  And what a fuck!
     He strolled down the promenade smiling to himself.  A bloody 
Princess!  The thought of bringing this snooty young American down a peg 
or two pleased him immensely and he laughed all the way to the Surf Club.
     Tiger Kelly, Jim Yates and Billy Sutton were in the bar of the club 
drinking large pints of beer when Hugh walked in.
     "OK buddy, you buy the next round," called Tiger.  "You're fined for 
desertin' us.  Where the hell did you go with that Yankee bird?"
     "Yeah," chipped in Billy, "what's the idea of keeping that bit of 
jail-bait all to yourself.  She's under sixteen, ain't she?"
     "It'd be worth going to jail for," laughed Jim.  "Come on, line 'em 
up.  I'm as dry as a nun's cunt.  Four pints, barman.  Hugh's payin' for 
the lot, the lucky bastard."  Jim Yates had been drinking since five 
o'clock and was starting to look like it.  The others had taken a break to 
eat something, not wanting to get too far gone; they hoped to pick up some 
"birds" at the carnival dance in the club that night, whereas Jim needed 
to get drunk first.  He was strangely shy of girls when he was sober but 
with a few pints of beer under his belt he'd tackle anything.  Usually the 
ugliest girls around, the desperate ones who overlooked the fact that he 
was coarse, crude, with a sadistic glint in his eyes that were set too 
close together; he always had a black stubble around his large chin, his 
nose had been broken in a barroom fight and one look at his thick, bull 
neck wrinkled at the back was enough to frighten away practically every 
girl he ever met.  In Brisbane they called him Sludge-Pump because of the 
size of his cock.  Like most hygiene-mad Australians, his foreskin had 
been removed soon after birth and whenever he took a shower in the locker 
room, his friends would always admire that huge brown member with its 
large, purplish-red flanged head.  "Like a policeman's helmet," remarked 
Billy who had lived in London.
     When the team went to Sydney for the championships Jim asked them to 
forget his nickname.  Everyone in Brisbane knew of his reputation for 
having the biggest tool in Queensland probably in any other state as well.  
A national cock record for length, width and strength.  "Just don't call 
me Sludge-Pump in front of strangers, that's all I ask you blokes."  They 
did their best to please him.  For one thing he was a powerful steersman; 
for another he was a terrific backstop in a fight.  Both he and Tiger 
lead-footed the big trucks on the interstate runs or worked as laborers 
during the winter months, saving enough to beachcomb through the summer.  
Billy did nothing, apart from surfing every day that was sunny and 
shacking up with rich women for months on end; they liked him so much they 
never bothered to call the police when he robbed them of money and 
jewelry.  Billy and Jim often remarked that they'd like to fuck Hugh's 
cousin Jenny.  "Ram me bazooka right up her cunt," promised Jim ...  "I'd 
like to rape that beautiful model's ass," was Billy's ambition.
     "Here's to birds and what they have between their legs," toasted 
Tiger, taking a long draft from the big glass in his hand.
     "Here's to the cherry we all like to kiss,"  toasted Hugh.
     "Here's to our American Allies," toasted Jim.
     "And here's to Hugh for getting us Little Miss America.  I propose a 
toast to the blonde whose cunt will make us all happy if not rich.  When 
do we get going, Hugh?" asked Billy.  "Couldn't we get her up to Jenny's 
apartment?"
     "You've hit the nail right on the head, Billy.  That's the place.  
I've got it all planned.  There might be a few dollars in it, too, the way 
I've been thinkin' about it."
     "What do you mean, you dirty old bastard,"  asked Billy.  "Are you 
plannin' to hawk her fork?"  They all laughed, drunkenly waving their 
pints of beer in the air.
     "Count me in, too," said Jim.  "Haven't dipped the wick since I've 
been in Sydney.  How about Jenny, do you think she'd play ball?"
     "'Course she would," chipped in Billy.  "Myself, I think she might be 
more than interested in a bit of lezzo."
     "Careful what you say about me cousin," growled Hugh, forgetting his 
polite English.  But he had been suspecting that there was something odd 
about Jenny.  She never had a regular fella and jeez, wasn't Sydney 
renowned for queers and lesbians!  Worse than San Francisco, he'd heard.  
"If you bastards upset Jenny the whole thing's off.  She's part of the 
plan."
     "Come on, let's pick up some tail at the dance," Billy said, draining 
his glass.  "We'll leave old Sludgy at the bar."
     "Don't call me that or I'll drop you," mumbled Jim.  "No foolin' I 
will."  The others strolled out of the bar, hearing Jim call after them: 
"Oh man, oh man.  Tomorrow night's the night!"

*    *    *

     All through dinner Linda struggled to remain cool while her parents 
described their afternoon with Arnold's business associate.  She hardly 
listened to them, for her head was splitting in an agony of confusion, 
guilt and shame.  She tried to put it all together; how she had allowed 
herself to be trapped in an inescapable position in that apartment.  The 
main fault was in believing that Hugh's cousin would be there to act as a 
chaperone.  And there was her stupidity in forgetting her key.  That was 
simply an act of Fate and nothing she could do would alter that.  The 
worst thing, the thing that disgusted her, that brought her near to tears 
every time she thought of it, was the fact that her self-control had been 
destroyed.  Her body, something deep within her, had willingly more than 
willingly -cooperated with him.  Her mother's voice shook her out of her 
continuing introspection.
     "Honey, why aren't you eating?  You've hardly touched your food.  Has 
the day been too exciting for you?"
     "It must be something like that, Mom.  Would you and Dad mind?  I 
think I'd like to go to bed.  I'm awfully tired."  They both said that she 
must have a good long sleep.  "I expect that handsome young man will be 
wanting to show you some big ones tomorrow, so you'd better prepare 
yourself for some wild surfing, Princess," her father added.
     "Yes ... er ... perhaps I had," she faltered.  "Good night, Dad.  
Good night, Mom."
     "'Night Princess," they chorused.  She certainly did look worn out, 
poor kid.  They all were, after the long flight and a wearing day in the 
heat.
     Linda closed her bedroom door with a sigh.  She slipped out of her 
clothes and lay naked on the bed.  The night was humid and hot, too much 
so to wear a nightie or get under the sheets.  She could hear the muffled 
roar of the breakers down on the beach, mingled with the sounds of traffic 
in the street.  She tried again to fathom her dreadful predicament but it 
was no use, the effort only started a throbbing in her head.  She tried to 
think of Tom and how she would make it up to him.  He should have taken 
her.  It was, she knew, only natural that he had lost his head and asked 
her to kiss his ... oh, hell, his cock.  In her mind she saw it again: it 
seemed so small by comparison; hard but small.  His hand moving up her 
leg; that had given her a wonderful thrill.  Tears began to well up in her 
eyes: she was no longer a virgin!  Oh God, why, why, why?
     She felt her pussy, feeling for its soreness, surprised that it 
wasn't at all sore on the outside.  She took her compact mirror from her 
beach purse and put it between her legs to inspect the damage Hugh had 
done her.  She pressed her middle finger cautiously down into her crotch, 
spreading the swollen lips like segments of a particularly succulent peach 
to feel deeper.  No, it wasn't very sore there, only a little, and it was 
damp with a warm moisture.  She felt a glow spreading irresistibly 
throughout her body, her breathing quickened a little.  She could see a 
drop of her juice slowly oozing through the lips of her parted vagina.  
The sight of it made the blood start pounding through her body, making her 
feel unbearably hot.  She thought guiltily of Tom's cock and the electric 
feeling increased.  Her finger began to rub slowly along the moist groove 
and across her twitching clitoris.  That was a little sore, but she 
couldn't seem to stop rubbing and sliding her finger back and forth.  She 
thought of Hugh licking her breasts, sucking and nibbling her nipples.  
Her other hand unconsciously came up to play with her taut breasts, 
pushing them up hard and then gently curling her fingers around the 
nipples.  Her buttocks starting pushing up in slow surges as her finger on 
her pussy pushed down.
     The confused young girl put everything out of her mind, all the 
guilt, the shame, the unbearable anxiety.  Oh God.  I wish I could stop 
this but I can't, I won't.  What do they call it?  A sin!  But no.  I read 
somewhere it's a harmless, natural thing to do.  That's it!  Harmless and 
natural, she rationalized to herself.
     Rolling over on to her stomach, she kept her finger in the furrow, 
her other hand gently massaging her breasts.  Her smooth buttocks moved up 
and down so that she didn't have to move her finger as much, though she 
tried to push it into her vagina that hurt too much, she was still sore in 
there.
     If only Hugh were here now.  If only Tom were here, she corrected 
herself.  I love Tom and I'm going to marry him.  The deep and wonderful 
feeling was beginning to leave her: the guilt taking over.  Would Tom 
marry me if he knew what happened this afternoon?  Closing her eyes, she 
lay limp on the bed, her finger stopped in the warm moist pussy.  I won't 
think about Tom, I won't think of anything.  But into the blankness of her 
mind came the vision of Hugh's big member and the remembrance of her 
orgasm with him.  She spread her legs apart, raised her buttocks and 
feverishly massaged her clitoris with all five fingers sending spasm after 
spasm of exhilarating sensation through her tensed up body until she felt 
she would explode.
     Suddenly her eyes rolled back in her head, her nostrils flared and 
with a deep-throated groan her body vibrated uncontrollably, her vagina 
exuding sticky secretions over her hand, twitching fitfully in her soaking 
cunt, a strand of her sun-streaked hair caught in her gasping mouth.  "Oh 
God, that was delicious, I really loved it," she murmured to herself.  At 
last the ravished fifteen year old girl sank into a dreamless sleep.



Chapter 6

     It'll be another great day for the beach tomorrow, thought Hugh as he 
meandered drunkenly home to Jenny's place, staring blearily at the 
cloudless night sky.  Tiger and Jim had passed out at the dance and Billy 
had taken them back to their hotel in a taxi.  Bunch of dopes, always 
stoned, Hugh thought as he let himself into Jenny's apartment.
     "You bastard!  You rotten bastard cousin!"  Jenny pulled him by his 
shorts across to the couch.  "Do you think this is a whorehouse, you 
moronic hick?  I didn't invite you to turn the place into a brothel."
     Jenny had waited two hours for Hugh to come home, furious that he had 
probably brought his drunken surfie friends home with their scruffy little 
surfie girls, her fury building up to boiling point at having to wait for 
him.  There was no vodka left and the couch showed evidence of someone 
having made it with a whore during her period.  "Look at that," she cried, 
shoving Hugh to the couch.
     "Aw, lay off, Jen," he whined.  "I didn't know she was a virgin."
     "Don't give me that, you oaf."
     "It happened like thish." he slurred.  "I met this sexy little 
American dish and she practically raped me.  The mosht beautiful bird I've 
seen in a long time.  I'm crazy about her, absholutely crazy about her."  
Hugh flopped down on the couch.  "Give us a kish, Jenny.  I want to give 
you ... a kish of life ..."  With that he passed out snoring on the couch.
     Jenny stood back to look at him.  She couldn't help smiling now, 
sympathetic for his drunken state, knowing herself what it was like to 
sometimes get hopelessly stoned out of her mind.  Hugh is such a big 
bumbling kid she mused, one of the few men I actually admire physically.  
But what a child, mentally.  They swam together whenever she went to 
Brisbane on a modeling job and he was always so affectionate.  When he 
kissed her on the lips she enjoyed the warmth of his caress.  Yes, 
decidedly, she liked kissing cousin Hugh.  Once she had thought of 
seducing him, when he was about fourteen years old, a beautiful long-
limbed youth with a shock of sandy hair, bright blue eyes and a very 
sensual mouth.
     Jenny knelt down to lift his legs onto the couch.  He was too big for 
her to carry into his bedroom.  She decided to leave him there, passed out 
with a beautific smile on his face.  Leaning forward, she kissed him on 
the mouth and slid her hand down, pulling open his shirt and feeling down 
to his cock.  Hugh was completely unconscious, breathing deeply and 
steadily like a child.  Jenny opened his fly and pulled out his slack cock 
and kissed it, too.  She left him like that, asleep with his cock hanging 
out of his white trousers, and went to her bedroom wondering what he would 
say in the morning if she invited him to sleep with her.  Kerry, her 
roommate was still away with her folks in the country and would be for 
another month.  The only problem was, would Hugh want her?  He seemed to 
be quite gone on this young American bird ... perhaps they could make a 
threesome, if the girl was attractive enough ...

*    *    *

     Hugh's plan was going to be popular with everyone, it seemed.  He 
explained it to Jenny over breakfast, she in a mini-skirt, he in shorts as 
the February sun heated the bay of buildings on Bondi's seafront.  First 
of all he showed her the color print of Linda made with the Polaroid 
camera.  He was in love with her, he said untruthfully, trying to win 
Jenny's support, but he didn't think Linda would see him again because she 
was such a damn snob.
     "She thinks our family ain't good enough for her," he explained, but 
he knew she cared for him and if he could only get her back to the 
apartment for awhile she'd get over that superiority complex.  Would Jenny 
ask her around so that she could lend her the surfboard, he asked.
     "Sure," said Jenny, "why not?"  She was trying not to show how 
aroused she was by the ravishing and ravished blonde nymphet in the photo.  
"Why ever not?  This photo will bring her back," she laughed, thinking to 
herself that the girl should be a little more careful about where she put 
on airs about being superior to others.  Her mouth watered at the sight of 
the deliciously innocent young girl's legs spread-eagled to show her 
cruelly violated crevice gleaming wetly.
     "There's another thing," remarked Hugh.  "She told me about seeing 
her old man being sucked off by her mother.  A little hint about that 
might go a long way!"
     Jenny leaned back in her chair, half-shocked at his crudity yet all 
the same amused.  "There's something very crude about you, Hugh.  You know 
what?  I fancy you a bit myself, sometimes.  Don't get worked up about it 
though.  Save yourself for this peach.  I'm ten years older than her, 
getting past my prime."  She was two years older than that, he knew, but 
then she didn't look more than twenty-one.  She was tall, slim, dark-eyed 
with short black hair like a cap over her perfect head.  She walked with 
the grace of a mannequin and spoke with a lazy drawl that most of Hugh's 
friends took to be an insolent manner.  It wasn't.  They simply bored her 
and she spoke carelessly to them, as if they were children.  She was going 
along with what she knew was an elaborate plan of seduction because she 
was bored and she liked the idea of an orgy.  She was in the mood for 
something like that.
     "Phone her now, Hugh," she suggested.  "It's after ten."
     Hugh phoned the number Linda's father had given him.  There was no 
reply.  He tried at eleven and again at midday.  No answer.  Sight-seeing, 
he supposed.  He tried again at two, at three, and she finally answered at 
four.  He had only been to the beach once since he'd been here, and he 
regretted the loss of another perfect day.
     "Hello Linda, this is Hugh," he said, using his polite accent.
     Linda had expected his call.  She had left decisions up in the air, 
had gone with her parents on a ferry ride across the harbor to Manly, had 
walked around the new Opera House and inspected the Botanical Gardens.  
She'd hoped he wouldn't phone in case his voice brought on another surge 
of shameful passion.  Surprising herself, she remained cool and collected 
when she heard his voice.
     "Hello," she replied.
     "Thought you might like to shoot a breaker.  How about popping down 
to the beach?  Jenny's here and says you can use her board anytime you 
like."
     "I don't think we should meet again.  Thank your cousin for me.  I'm 
sorry, Hugh, but I don't want to see you again," she replied not 
unpleasantly.
     "Don't hang up," Hugh said hurriedly.  "You know you're very 
photogenic."
     "Wha ... what do you mean?" she faltered.
     "I took a photo of you last night if you don't believe me, count the 
frames left.  And another thing: Would you like me to tell your old man 
that you think your mother's a low, common, cock-sucking bitch?"
     Linda slammed the phone down and rushed to her room, flung herself on 
the bed, stifling a scream in her pillow.  The beast!  The lowdown rotten 
beast!  How could he do such a thing?
     Her father hearing the slamming of the phone came knocking on her 
door.  "Are you all right, Linda?"
     Quickly she composed herself, tearful that he'd walk into the room.  
"Yes Daddy, perfectly all right.  I dropped the phone, that's all."  She 
held her breath tight, hoping that her father wouldn't open the door and 
see her tear-stained face.
     "Be a little more careful next time.  By the way, who was on the 
line?"
     In a panic she could think of no way out.  "Oh, it was Hugh.  You 
know, the Life Saver.  He wants me to go surfing with him."  The door 
began to open.  "Don't come in, daddy.  I'm changing into my bikini."
     "Well, have a good time, Princess, and don't forget your key this 
time.  Your mother and I are going downtown to meet the Dowlings, more oil 
talk.  We'll be back before dinner."
     "Okay, daddy, see you later."  Soon she heard the front door close.  
She felt trapped, absolutely trapped, with no one to turn to for help.  
Then the phone rang again.
     "Hello," said a girl's voice.  "Is that Linda?"
     "Yes."
     "I'm Jenny, Hugh's cousin.  I thought you might be lonely and would 
like to come over for a chat.  I believe you know the address.  Hugh's 
gone down to the beach and if you like we could join him there ... take 
the board and try to catch a long one."
     She sounded nice on the phone, a soft, well-modulated voice and very 
friendly.
     On an impulse Linda said she'd love to meet her and would be at her 
apartment in half an hour.  Perhaps Jenny might be able to give me some 
sisterly advice, she thought to herself.  "What's the address again?  I 
can't quite remember?"
     Jenny told her and with barely concealed excitement hung up.  Her 
eyes glowed with a strange light as she thought to herself that this would 
be a really scorching afternoon.



Chapter 7

     Jenny stood naked in front of a long mirror, admiring her tall, 
beautiful, perfectly formed body that was featured so often on magazine 
covers throughout the country.  Her short-cropped brunette hair 
accentuated her long neck and her full breasts that were, like the rest of 
her, tanned from sunning herself nude on the roof garden.  She ran her 
hands down to cup her firm breasts, moving her fingers gently over the 
already stiffening nipples, then her hands moved down over her flat 
stomach around to the high arches of her buttocks, back to the 
indentations between thighs and pubic mound, her caresses increasing the 
pleasurable ache arising from her thoughts.  A young blonde in full bud, 
naked and lying unresistingly languid on the couch of her apartment!  This 
was the vision that filled her mind with an almost unbearable expectancy.
     As she stroked her long limbs she wondered what she should wear from 
her extensive wardrobe.  She wanted to impress this blonde beauty: after 
one look at the photo Hugh had shown her she felt an irresistible urge to 
introduce her to the pleasures of making love to a girl.  She realized 
that she couldn't have her to herself alone, that Hugh would have to be 
included, but she had made a pact with him whereby she would have Linda 
alone in the apartment for a couple of hours.  Neither he nor any other 
man had previously known of her preference for girls, nor was he aware of 
how much she was attracted to him physically ... probably the only man who 
had such a strong effect on her.
     This afternoon she would admit him to her secret lesbian world.  The 
thought of what could happen, the prospect of having both Linda and Hugh 
and watching Hugh have Linda sent a glowing feeling throughout her body, 
an expectation that forced her to nervously smoke cigarette after 
cigarette, occasionally packing one with hashish.  This was the drug she 
had cunningly prepared for Linda, who Hugh said was a non-smoker, and as 
she had heard from her cousin all about Linda's aversion to the spiked 
Cokes she had prepared brownies heavily loaded with the narcotic.  Linda 
would refuse a Coke but would hardly refuse tea and cookies!
     She toyed with the idea of wearing hot pants and nothing else, to 
remain topless, as she usually did when her girl friend stayed at the 
apartment.  She realized that this would undoubtedly frighten the young 
girl away so she added a transparent, flowered top.
     Keeping his promise to stay away for a couple of hours, Hugh had gone 
down to the Surf Club on the beach front.  The scene was set, and at half-
past four the doorbell rang.
     Linda had hesitated outside the front door of the apartment, filled 
with doubt and apprehension.  Would Hugh be there alone?  Or would he be 
there at all?  She didn't want to see him ever again.  She was angry with 
him and with herself for what had happened; she felt cheated and, worst of 
all, she had been criminally wronged when he had taken that photo.  And 
she was sure he had because she had counted the remaining film.  It was 
the existence of the photo that really prompted her to accept Jenny's 
invitation ... that and the fact that Jenny had sounded like a nice, 
normal person from whom she could get some advice.  That she might be 
pregnant was another consideration that had sent chilling tremors down 
Linda's spine.
     To counteract any ideas Jenny might have formed about her being a 
slut, she had gone to great lengths to dress demurely and although it was 
a boiling hot day she wore long sheer tights under a summer dress and 
petticoat.  She had made doubly sure that she carried her keys in her


From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:47:37 1996
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!in2.uu.net!news.ios.com!ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net!user
From: grobert@soho.ios.com (TheEditor)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: WkEnCptv 4/8  "The Weekend Captive"
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 13:03:26 -0700
Organization: Internet Online Services
Lines: 485
Message-ID: <grobert-2006961303260001@ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net

handbag and had written down the number of her parents' phone.  She had 
also brought fifty dollars: if Hugh wouldn't give her the photo she would 
pay him for it.  Perspiring slightly from the walk along the blistering 
pavements and the walk up the stairs to Jenny's apartment, she pressed the 
doorbell.
     "I'm so pleased you could come," Jenny said in a low husky voice, 
smiling warmly, as she opened the door.  In a glance she took in the 
glorious vision of the dewy blonde, the long golden hair, the full young 
mouth, the firm rising mounds upthrust against the thin material of her 
dress above a slim waist and soft swelling thighs.  "You must be terribly 
hot," she added, noticing little beads of perspiration on Linda's upper 
lip.
     "Hello," replied Linda as she entered, noting Jenny's long bare legs 
and bare feet, her tall slim figure and short-cropped hair.  As Jenny 
walked ahead of her to the living room Linda couldn't help but admire the 
grace of her legs and the way part of her ass-cheeks showed softly round 
beneath the hot pants.  She appeared to be about twenty-four or twenty-
five, with an olive-brown skin and very smooth face.  The top-model 
qualities of the girl were obvious.
     Jenny apologized about the heat of the apartment, explaining that it 
wasn't air-conditioned as she imagined all American homes were, as she 
ushered Linda into the room that momentarily inspired in Linda a sense of 
panic.  There was the couch!  The sight of it brought every conscious 
moment of the previous evening back in horrific vividness.  She became 
aware of the fact that she had suddenly stopped walking into me room, her 
eyes fixed on the couch, when she felt Jenny's hand on her arm.
     "Come and sit down here, it's the most comfortable place," she said, 
leading her to the couch.  As Linda sat down, feeling weak and trembling 
in her stomach, she looked up and noticed for the first time that she 
could see right through Jenny's flimsy top, could see the outline of pink 
nipples against the roundness of firm brown breasts.  Below the short top 
Jenny's flat stomach and navel were exposed as far as the band of her hot 
pants which were only partly zipped up.
     Aware of Linda's examination, Jenny explained: "I've been trying on 
some summer clothes for a fashion show.  You know how it is -they always 
send the wrong sizes, like these hot pants.  I can hardly do up the zip."
     "Is Hugh here?"  Linda asked abruptly.
     "No, the boy's gone down to the beach.  I guess he's gone for the 
rest of the afternoon.  He seems to be very fond of you, Linda, but I must 
warn you, he's very fickle."  As she spoke, Jenny noticed that Linda 
relaxed, that the wary expression changed to a smile.  "I hope you're 
hungry," she added.  "I've made some brownies especially for you."
     "You shouldn't have gone to so much trouble," Linda replied, as Jenny 
got up to make tea.  She watched the older girl walk to the kitchen, her 
firm, slim, boyish posterior slightly swaying in what Linda supposed was a 
mannequin's walk.  She wished she hadn't worn so many clothes: the room 
was stifling.
     It was after Linda had eaten two of the hash-filled cookies that she 
gradually felt a mood of sensuousness coming over her.  She hadn't really 
felt hungry and had only eaten the brownies because Jenny had gone to so 
much trouble on her behalf.  She liked Jenny and they talked happily about 
surfing, modeling and clothes.  After a while they went to the bedroom 
where Jenny showed her row after row of dresses, some of which she thought 
Linda might like to try on.
     Linda stepped out of her dress and then Jenny said, "Take those 
tights off, Linda, they're much too hot to wear in this weather."
     Jenny had already removed her top and pants, intending to show off an 
evening gown, and Linda laughed as the naked girl began to pull the tights 
down over her bottom.  What a glorious creature she is, thought Linda as 
she watched the long brown body bending down to remove the tights.
     "You'll have to take everything off to get into some of these 
things," Jenny said laughingly.  "Your breasts are smaller than mine but I 
think your bottom's a little larger."
     "They are not smaller, and it isn't bigger," Linda stated, feeling a 
little put out as she removed her petticoat and unhooked her bra.
     "It's probably because you're shorter that the proportions seem to be 
different."  Jenny held her by the shoulders and moved close to her.  
"Look, my nipples are an inch higher than yours," she said, pushing her 
breasts gently against Linda's, sending a thrill of excitement through the 
young girl whose hashish-affected mind was giving her a strange desire to 
make more physical contact with Jenny.  There was a sweet pungent taste in 
her mouth and a slight dizziness she associated with the extraordinary, 
overpowering feeling of sensuousness she was experiencing.  She was 
beginning to lose her sense of where she was, and felt that outside the 
room there was nothing, that the room itself was the extent of the whole 
world she seemed totally and pleasantly disorientated.  But she couldn't 
stop a wonderful feeling of release and happiness that brought with it a 
sudden decision that she was entitled to be permissive.  She felt her face 
coloring and was conscious of her heaving breasts.
     "Jenny, people who talk about the permissive age should meet my 
parents!"  she said, apropos of nothing, it seemed to Jenny.
     "What brought that idea into your pretty little head?" asked Jenny, 
amused that the hashish was apparently working.  She felt as horny as a 
cat in heat as she stood back to admire Linda's firm young breasts.
     Linda laughed out loud.  "I don't know.  It must be because I think 
my parents are disgusting.  And so is your cousin Hugh."
     "All men are, darling girl.  They are cruel rapist beasts," Jenny 
said.  "You know what they want to do to bodies like ours?" she asked, 
facing the mirror with her arm around Linda.  "They want to ram their 
weapons into us.  That's what they want to do."
     "Now look at my bottom in the mirror,"  exclaimed Linda.  "It's no 
wider than yours."
     Standing side by side in front of the mirror, Jenny placed her hand 
around Linda's hip so that her leg was pressed hard against the blonde's.
     "Mmmm, it's slightly bigger at the back, I think.  Now let's try 
bellies.  Place your belly against mine."
     As Linda turned again to face Jenny, she trembled as she 
involuntarily tucked in her buttocks so that her pussy as well as her 
belly pushed against the other girl.  She was quite aware of what she was 
doing but nothing on earth could have stopped her: uncontrollably she 
wanted to press her body flat against Jenny's body, her soft breasts hard 
against Jenny's breasts, to rub their nipples together.  We're just 
playing, she said to herself.  We're playing games with our bodies, she 
giggled to herself as Jenny pressed her breasts against her, then her 
belly and with an upward movement brought her pussy hard against the soft 
young mound that so eagerly sought hers.
     And then Jenny kissed her, lips open against the young girl's 
laughing mouth.
     Linda's eyes flew wide open as she felt Jenny's mouth on her 
quivering lips.  Jenny saw the surprised reaction.  She also saw that 
Linda's expression was slightly dazed.  The hash cookies were certainly 
working but she mustn't rush and shock her out of the state of high 
sensuality the girl was obviously feeling.  She pulled away from her 
saying, "I couldn't resist that, my darling.  you have such kissable 
lips."  Linda pulled away from her.
     Linda's reaction was one of part relief and part regret.  She felt 
drunk with the demands of her body to experience again the smooth 
closeness of Jenny's glorious limbs and breasts.  When their pussies met 
she had experienced a thrill she had never known before: it was something 
like the satisfaction she got from caressing her own naked body, feeling 
her own breasts and nipples, touching the lips of her vagina.  She was 
moist there now, she knew, and she wanted to play with herself.  No.  She 
wanted Jenny to play with her there.  Jenny was idly running her fingers 
down the nubile blonde's back, tickling into the cleft of her firm ass-
cheeks.  Linda moved forward, her eyes dazedly staring at Jenny's lips.
     "Kiss me again.  You have kissable lips too, Jenny."  She couldn't 
believe that she'd said it, yet offered no resistance when Jenny pulled 
her down onto the bed and kissed her full on the mouth.
     She felt Jenny's tongue moving feverishly inside her mouth and she 
responded with her own, licking at it and opening her mouth wide in a 
surrender to Jenny's experienced lips and tongue.
     The fire in the innocent young girl's body blazed at the unexpected 
move to the bed, a fire of unbelievable excitement at the erotic knowledge 
that she was naked and alone with a beautiful naked girl who was making 
love to her.  Perhaps she had at some time imagined this situation, or 
heard whispered references to it among her girl friends but even so she 
was surprised in her hash-befuddled mind that she could accept it so 
easily and naturally.  The word "lesbian" didn't enter her head.
     Unwittingly, she was soothed by the drug that destroyed inhibition.  
Also, she was reacting against her idea of the male sex, against Hugh's 
rough behavior, the shock of seeing her father lewdly shoving his cock 
into her mother's mouth, the obscenity of Tom cumming onto her face.  Here 
with Jenny she felt safe, there was no great weapon to fear, no brute 
strength to fight, simply a beautiful naked girl lying beside her, kissing 
and caressing her body.  She believed the mild feeling of faintness, of 
floating in the clouds was the effect of her growing desire for the 
closeness, the loveliness of this girl with the statuesque neck and 
shoulders, whose breasts were now softly moving across her own, and who 
was moving on top of her and insinuating a leg between hers.  Totally 
relaxed, Linda opened her legs, feeling the pressure of Jenny's pussy 
against her thigh and her own pussy pressed against Jenny.  Involuntarily 
she placed a hand on Jenny's ass-cheeks and the older girl thus 
encouraged, began to rub her leg against the pubic mound that Linda pushed 
up.  Erotic excitement lubricated their vaginal lips until they were both 
sopping wet up between their legs.
     Their bodies sweated so much together in the hot bedroom Linda felt 
Jenny sliding over her body like a fish.  The skin of their breasts and 
bellies was beaded with moisture, increasing in both girls their feeling 
of wanton abandon.  Jenny felt terribly thirsty from the effect of the 
hashish she had smoked and eaten.  She eased herself from Linda's embrace.
     "I must have a drink.  Would you like a Coke, darling?" she asked.
     "If it is Coke," Linda replied, leaning out of the bed to stroke 
Jenny's tempting ass-cheeks.
     "I'll be back in a second.  Just lie there with your hand on your 
pussy.  You look like a blonde "Naked Maja".  Just like your photo."
     Linda sat up with a stifled scream, reality breaking into her mind 
through her state of relaxed abandonment.
     "Oh, the photo!  I must have it.  Please, Jenny, can you get it for 
me?" she begged.
     Jenny quickly realized that she might lose this gorgeous girl if she 
didn't handle her carefully.  What a fool I am to mention that fucking 
snapshot, she thought as she quickly sat down on the bed and pushed Linda 
gently back, one hand playing with the young girl's firm ripe breasts, and 
kissed her softly on the nipples.  But Linda was obsessed with the photo 
and was not to be easily diverted, although she writhed slightly on the 
bed, reacting to the breast kisses, and begged Jenny to help her.  The 
elder girl leaned across and kissed her briefly on the mouth to quiet her 
and promised she would definitely get the photo from Hugh.  Linda had 
half-expected the photo to be in the apartment and almost wept at the 
hideous thought of Hugh showing it around the Surf Club.  She clung to 
Jenny, saying how she feared men, what brutes they were; how obscene her 
parents were and how she loved Tom but wanted to stay with Jenny.  The 
sun-tanned lesbian saw that there was no need to worry about the confused 
girl coming out of the effects of the drug; Linda was well under the spell 
of the self-induced drug of lust.  She's lusting for me, Jenny thought, 
and she smilingly went to the kitchen to mix a couple of Aussie Cokes.
     "We're going to celebrate, Linda my pet," Jenny announced when she 
returned to the belt with two glasses full of spiky Coke.  "I've added a 
drop of Vodka.  I hope you don't mind, but this is something to celebrate.  
It's the first time I've ever wanted a girl," she lied.  "I'm afraid 
you're irresistible."
     Linda tried to think clearly but she was in a state of sexual 
euphoria.  Time didn't mean a thing to her: she didn't think of when she 
should be returning home.  Time had stopped.  Her longing for more 
caresses from this lovely naked girl standing by the bed staring at her 
consumed her body, the longing increasing as Jenny stood there sipping her 
drink and shamelessly gazing down at the lust-inflamed young girl with 
admiration and desire.
     "Cheers darling.  Or should I say 'bottoms up'?  Anyway drink up, 
we're celebrating our first game between girls," Jenny said, licking her 
lips as she lewdly stared at the tender little cunt lightly covered with 
blonde pubescent hair.
     "Do other girls do this?" Linda innocently asked.
     "I think all girls do.  It doesn't mean anything.  It's just fun and 
games.  We're free from beastly men and nobody is any the wiser."
     Linda was beginning to feel part of the sexual revolution; like all 
liberated women, she decided, she had the right to experiment sexually, 
the right of the emancipated teenager, the right for which so many women 
authors had fought.  With false confidence, helped by the hashish, she 
felt she had overcome her guilt feelings about fingering herself.  She had 
lost her virginity, she was free to do as she pleased.  After all I am 
fifteen, she thought rebelliously.  She was mentally preparing herself for 
the coming act, the thought of which was inducing in her the most 
wonderful feeling she had ever experienced.
     Hot and thirsty, Linda drained her glass and lay back on the bed.  
Jenny sat down beside her, dripping Coke with her finger onto one of 
Linda's nipples and then licking it, bringing that nipple, then the other, 
into hard pink points.  Linda responded by cupping Jenny's tanned mounds 
with both hands and leaned up to kiss her passionately.  It's only fun and 
games, she thought, just wonderful fun and games.
     Jenny placed their empty glasses on the floor and began kissing 
Linda's body, moving from her neck where she greedily sucked blood marks 
in the smooth flesh, then down over both breasts to her navel which she 
licked with her feverishly working tongue and down slowly to the young 
blonde's palpitating stomach and the indentation between her leg and 
crotch.  She felt Linda stretch and begin to writhe.  It's safe to go a 
bit further than she expects the fun and games to go, she thought to 
herself.  As she placed her hand on the delicate, almost hairless lips of 
Linda's pussy she felt the girl stiffen but held her fingers still until 
she felt the drugged young girl relax and gradually start to writhe again 
under the pressure of her fingers.  Jenny parted the recently deflowered 
pink cuntal lips, feeling the almond-shaped clitoris hardening and bent 
her head down to look at its miniature erection before stretching out flat 
on the bed and wantonly burying her face between the blonde's heaving 
thighs.  She began to lick ravenously, knowing now that she had the girl 
completely under her control.  She could do anything with her.
     The more she licked the more Linda responded, opening her legs wide 
as if to receive a cock.  Jenny moved up to squat between the lithe long 
legs, and placed her face between the softly rounded thighs, gently 
pushing them even farther apart to kiss with her lips the wet lips of 
Linda's cunt, then sticking her tongue suddenly into the vaginal depths, 
pushing it as far as it would go and licking the hot secretions of the 
cuntal passage as she withdrew to repeat the motion again ... and again.  
She felt quite drunk with the sweet perfume of the young girl's tight, 
almost virginal cunt.  If only I had got her before Hugh!  I could have 
broken her with my finger! the lewdly inflamed Jenny thought.
     Moving forward, she licked Linda's body all the way back up to her 
neck, ears and finally her mouth.  Linda, tasting her own cuntal juices 
for the first time, responded with uninhibited moans and kissed Jenny back 
in a long passionate embrace that seemed to last for hours.  Their thighs 
were now pressing into each other's pussies, moving sufficiently to 
satisfy the demand of the clitoris for stimulation.  They held each other, 
moved and changed positions, using fingers on each other's wildly excited 
cunts feverishly until they were both close to climax.
     "Jenny, Jenny, I think I'm going to explode!" Linda gasped as the 
experienced older girl worked skillfully, compressing the vaginal lips and 
then opening them again with a finger in between, at times moving her 
finger lower and pushing inside the hot cunt flowing with creamy moisture.
     "We'll cum together.  Lick me and I'll lick you," whispered Jenny 
hoarsely, turning around quickly before Linda could protest.  She lay on 
top of her so that both their heads, one with short black hair, the other 
with long blonde hair falling over her face and shoulders, could bend 
forward to plunge into each other's pulsating cunts.
     While Jenny went down on her, Linda inserted her tongue into Jenny's 
cuntal slit, suddenly aware of its heady odor that would forever be 
associated in her mind with the intoxicating, special lust she was 
experiencing for the first time.  Lust for breasts, the kissing of 
nipples, the easy knowing access to her cunt, the strange excitement of 
making love to another beautiful girl.
     Linda's hard breasts were pressed into Jenny's yielding belly while 
she could feel Jenny's firm breasts against her own belly, providing 
sensuous feelings which were, however, secondary to the mind-blowing 
sensations of her hot, excited cunt.  They licked in unison, instinctively 
satisfying each other, tonguing where each wanted to be tongued, sucking 
and kissing in the same manner and with the same intensity, the same 
urgency and the same complete abandon.
     Jenny was experienced, yet the fifteen year old girl was showing she 
knew exactly what to do and how to do it.
     She's a natural, Jenny thought with delight.
     Linda knew the wants of her own body, and as she felt her clitoris 
being licked, she licked back at the clitoris between her lips, sometimes 
nibbling it gently between her teeth.  It was something like doing it to 
herself.  She had once wished, lying lonely and frustrated in her virginal 
bed that she could lick her own cunt.  This was better, a whole world 
better.  She was going to cum, and she could feel Jenny going into the 
first spasms of orgasm, too.  Yes, oh God yes, we're cumming together!  
She felt her insides tremble.  Jenny was moaning ecstasy and now Linda too 
was moaning.  Both girls began to suck mindlessly at each other's wildly 
throbbing clitoris as their orgasms coincided, the hot milky secretions 
flooding out to be greedily swallowed, their faces buried frantically in 
each other's cunt.
     For a long while they lay there, limp and satiated.  Linda felt as 
though her mind had exploded like a firecracker, and now she felt dazed, 
incapable of thinking rationally of what had happened to her.  She knew 
she was debauched but she just didn't have the strength of mind left to 
care.  They both lay on their backs now, one of the dark girl's legs 
trailing carelessly over the side of the bed, the other leg flung in total 
abandon across Linda's proudly upthrust young breasts, while Linda lay in 
almost the same position with her legs partly drawn up and spread apart.  
Both dreamily gazed at the other's pussy, smiling with the satisfaction of 
orgasm and the intense intimacy of what had happened between them.  The 
effect of vodka and hashish on both of them left them somewhat dazed, 
heedless of the darkening room as the sun set, listening to the distant 
murmur of surf and the dull sound of traffic in the street below.  The 
sound did not bring the outside world into the room as Linda placed one 
hand over her pussy, her other hand over Jenny's.  However, much as Jenny 
wanted more, she knew that Hugh would be back soon.  There were more fun 
and games to come!
     "I feel starved, don't you?" she asked.
     "Don't really care," mumbled Linda, stroking Jenny's cunt.
     "I'll bring us a cookie and another drink.  I think you like Aussie 
Cokes now, don't you, my lovely little nymphet?"
     "Yes, I think I do," Linda said vaguely, sitting up with Jenny to 
kiss her before she left the bedroom.
     Before returning, Linda put on a Hodges and Ellington record and when 
they had eaten the cookies they carried their glasses into the living room 
where they danced cheek to cheek, breast to breast and cunt to cunt.  
Their movement quickly brought Linda to a sexual response; she felt her 
clitoris aroused and asked Jenny to play with her.  "With my cunt," she 
said, all objections to coarse words forgotten.
     "Stay the night with me," Jenny suggested, feeling down to rub her 
finger into the slit and over the little raised almond.
     "Yes, yes, I will.  But what about my parents?" Linda exclaimed, 
trying to solve a problem that was only partly nagging at the back of her 
hazy mind.
     "I'll phone them and ask them," Jenny suggested, arousing Linda 
further with her finger and a long kiss.
     "I think dad would rush straight here and take me away.  You don't 
know how they protect me.  It's awful," she giggled.
     Jenny had thought of this problem in case she did manage to seduce 
the girl.  Hugh had a plan; so did she.
     "Do you really want to sleep with me tonight?" she asked, holding her 
tight around the waist, fondling her buttocks and keeping her finger 
rubbing up and down her pubic groove.  "Do you really want to, darling?"
     "Yes, I want to fuck you all night," Linda replied then laughed to 
herself at the thought of telling a girl she wanted to fuck her.  I must 
be drunk, she thought, and began to laugh aloud.  "I'm drunk Jenny, my 
lovely girl-fuck.  I'm drunk."
     "Then you can't go home.  I'll phone your mother and fix it.  Now you 
go and cool off under a shower.  We both need one," she said pushing the 
blonde towards the bathroom.
     "I want to dance with you."
     "We'll dance later.  Go and shower."  With that Jenny shut her in the 
shower stall and went to the phone, leaving the drunkenly laughing girl 
playing under the fine, cooling spray.
     When Susannah Spender answered the phone, Arnold was out shopping.  
They were worrying again about Linda not being home when they returned and 
Susannah was sure the call was from Linda.  Instead, it was the girl Jenny 
that Linda had mentioned.  She couldn't hear properly ... the girl seemed 
to be slurring her words.  Long distance?  She said it was a long distance 
call from Brisbane, could she hear her?  Yes, she said, but could she 
speak louder?
     What she heard made her heart pound with anxiety.  Linda in Brisbane, 
six-hundred miles away, with Jenny?  Surely there must be some mistake?  
Oh no, there was no mistake.  Being asked to fly there at a moment's 
notice for a modeling job, Linda had gone with her to see some of the 
country.  They would be back in a few days' time and Linda could tell her 
parents all about it.  Susannah demanded to speak to Linda.  "In a 
moment," said Jenny.  First of all she wanted to tell her how upset Linda 
was at seeing her mother suck off her father's cock.  "What did you say?" 
screamed Susannah.  Jenny repeated the devastating information and went on 
to say how Linda had confided in her and how she wanted to get away from 
her parents for a few days.  Jenny also said, into the shocked silence at 
the other end, that she would be with Mrs. Spender's daughter all the time 
that no harm would come to her, but if Mrs. Spender didn't wish to bring 
her daughter to a nervous breakdown she should allow her to stay away.
     "We're staying with Hugh's father," she explained, "a very 
respectable judge." They would visit various parts of Queensland "and 
don't worry," she told Mrs. Spender, "we'll return to Sydney safe and 
sound."
     "I insist on speaking to Linda," her mother demanded.  "Otherwise I 
might be forced to phone the police."
     "Very well," Jenny said.  "I'll fetch her.  She's talking to the 
judge at the moment.  I don't think you should talk to any policemen, Mrs.  
Spender.  The police might wonder why the sight of her mother sucking her 
father's cock drove your daughter away."
     Susannah had to sit down, trembling with fear for her daughter and 
from the effects of dreadful shame.  So Linda did not sneak up to bed that 
night ... she must have looked in first.  Oh my God, she thought, the poor 
little Princess!
     Jenny called Linda who came dripping to the phone.  Holding her hand 
over the mouthpiece, Jenny whispered to Linda: "It's OK.  You can stay the 
night.  When you speak to your mother, just ask can you stay.  Just that.  
Can you stay."
     Excitedly, Linda took the receiver and said, "Hello Mom!  Is it all 
right to stay?"
     Susannah had recovered her senses enough to control her voice.  She 
had decided quickly that she must carry this thing through by herself and 
not bring Arnold into it.  It was all too shameful.
     "Hello, Princess, are you all right?" she asked, trying to keep the 
anxiety of her voice.
     "Sure, Mom," Linda replied laughing.  "I'm having a wonderful time.  
I adore being here."
     "It must be hotter there than here," her mother said, thinking of the 
higher temperatures hundreds of miles to the north.
     "Yes, it's beautifully hot," replied Linda, feeling Jenny's hand 
pressing into her pussy.  "Thanks for letting me stay.  I'll only be here 
for ..." she managed to say before Jenny "accidentally" pushed the 
receiver button and the line went dead, leaving the sentence in the air.
     "Oh damn," Jenny said.  "I'm sorry, I cut you off."
     "I'll phone again," Linda said cheerily, swaying on her feet.
     She certainly can't hold her liquor, thought Jenny.
     "Don't test your luck, honey," Jenny murmured as she kissed the 
delicate pink lobe of the blonde's ear and rubbed her nipples expertly 
across the erect pair in front of her.  "Your father might change your 
mother's mind."
     "Never," the young American replied, sighing at the sensuous passes 
the older girl was making.  "Daddy always does as he's told.  At home, Mom 
wears the pants."
     "How quaintly American," Linda said.  "In this home, girls go without 
pants."
     She went to the hi-fi and repeated the record just played, and the 
two girls danced, holding tight to each other's body, legs thrust hard 
against pubic mounds, mouths locked in a long blissful kiss.  Linda forgot 
about calling her mother.
     It was going to be difficult for Susannah Spender to explain Linda's 
foolish escapade to Arnold.  But what could she do?  She would have to say 
that Linda called and asked her permission, that she was now on her way to 
the airport, and that she knew exactly where their daughter would be 
staying in Brisbane.  The fact that Linda had talked to a stranger about 
the shameful episode hurt Susannah deeply, but then, she reasoned to 
herself, Linda was adolescent and she supposed it was a normal reaction to 
be shocked at what she saw.  She would really have to talk to her 
psychiatrist about it when she got home.  It was probably time Linda saw a 
psychiatrist, too.
     She mixed herself a martini to fortify herself for when Arnold 
returned to find his Princess gone away with a model to stay with a judge 
in Brisbane.  She drank the martini and mixed another.  She still 
trembled more from the shock of Jenny's disclosure than the fact that 
Jenny had virtually run away from them, but consoled herself with the 
thought that at least their darling Princess was staying with a good 
family.
     At the same moment, a few hundred yards away Linda was sipping 
another Aussie Coke, thinking warm and loving thoughts about her mother.  
"Mom's great," she said enthusiastically to Jenny.  "I'll take her some 
flowers in the morning.  From Jenny and Linda," she giggled, spilling Coke 
between their breasts and over the four nipples.
     "Want to lick some Coke?" she asked Jenny.  And Jenny did, as Linda 
did, the licking continuing until their mouths were back together locked 
in a passionate, sucking and tonguing French kiss.  They were dancing, 
cunt rubbing, and kissing when they heard Hugh's key turning in the lock 
of the front door.

*    *    *

     Hugh and Billy staggered up the stairs of Jenny's apartment building, 
under the weight of several dozen cans of Foster's beer.  Tonight they 
were going to celebrate American-Australian friendship.
     "An intimate party," Hugh had explained to his friends at the Surf 
Club.  "Just us four: You Billy, me, Jenny and the Yank Princess."  Having 
been given the brush-off more times than he could remember, Jim Yates was 
doubtful if they could arrange a gang-bang without someone screaming for 
the "demons"   as he called the local police.  He had already faced a 
judge on an attempted rape case and had been lucky to have been let off 
with a warning.  Hugh assured them all that if Linda was still at the 
apartment when he got home it meant that Jenny had managed to square off 
Linda's parents and had kept her there with the threat of the photo ... 
and a little hashish.
     Hugh's evil plan had them all lusting after the luscious young girl 
in the photo which they had passed around, staring lewdly at the 
unconscious blonde lying back stark naked on the couch with her hand on 
her pussy between her wide-apart legs.  They all laughed as they watched 
Jim's pants begin to bulge so quickly he had to go to the washroom to 
throw some cold water on his monstrous erection.  Following Hugh's plan 
they stayed down at the club all evening to give Jenny a chance to make 
the arrangements, and by now several pints of beer had aroused their lust 
to boiling point.  When Hugh insisted that only he and Billy should go up 
to the apartment first, Jim and Tiger had become a little aggressive, 
demanding to accompany them.
     "You'd only frighten her," Hugh said, and threatened to call it all 
off if Sludge-Pump didn't stay at the club for another hour.  "In any 
case,"  he added, "you'd frighten hell out of Jenny, too, with that bloody 
great weapon splitting your jeans.  We've gotta handle Jenny very 
carefully otherwise she might lock us all out."  He knew that she found 
the hairy bull-necked life-saver repulsive.
     Tiger and Billy had plans of their own for Jenny, and they had bought 
a couple of bottles of vodka to give to the girl they thought should be 
educated to prefer men to girls, at least to get some bisexual practice.
     At the apartment Jenny and Linda were dancing naked together to music 
from a record player when Hugh opened the door and staggered in with 
Billy, both of them roaring with laughter and roaring drunk.  Linda clung 
to Jenny, suddenly afraid, squeezing their breasts so close together Jenny 
gasped.
     "Well, get a load of this, Billy," cried Hugh, his eyes popping.  
"Looks like ladies' night at the nudist colony.  Didn't know you were a


From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:47:48 1996
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!in2.uu.net!news.ios.com!ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net!user
From: grobert@soho.ios.com (TheEditor)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: WkEnCptv 5/8  "The Weekend Captive"
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 13:03:44 -0700
Organization: Internet Online Services
Lines: 477
Message-ID: <grobert-2006961303450001@ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net

dyke, Jenny!"  He patted her small tight buttocks and tried to ease his 
hand below the crevice but she flung his arm away.  She was annoyed that 
he wasn't alone.  Not that she didn't like Billy but she had been hoping 
that the evening would develop into a cozy little threesome.
     "Lez be friends," slurred Billy, lurching forward only to be pushed 
forcefully back onto the couch by the two girls.
     When Hugh returned from the kitchen he had already taken off his 
shirt and was in the process of dropping his shorts.  The girls were first 
aware of his presence when they felt his stiff cock pushing between their 
close-together thighs, Jenny reacting by putting her hand down around his 
ass-cheeks and pulling him between them, meanwhile holding Linda's mouth 
against hers, their tongues meeting and sliding over one another.  "Sit 
this one out, Billy," ordered Hugh.  "You can have a tango later."  They 
both laughed drunkenly and Billy flopped into a chair to watch, at the 
same time dropping his shorts to release his own erect member.
     Linda was only half-conscious from the effect of the hashish which 
seemed to be entering her bloodstream more quickly now, and she felt 
herself lubricating juicily as Jenny kissed her passionately, and she 
rubbed her thigh between the older girl's legs.  When Hugh pushed his cock 
between them she wanted to yell but couldn't, because she was again being 
excited by the tender and knowing way Jenny was kissing her.  She didn't 
want the kissing to stop.  Who would hear her if she yelled?  Anyway she 
had completely lost control of herself in this new and wonderful 
experience of having Jenny's beautiful body swaying against hers.  In a 
way she felt that it was as though she were making love to herself, or as 
if Jenny was somehow flattering her, adoring her, paying her a great 
compliment when she kissed her so excitingly and aroused such exquisite 
feelings in her cunt.  She never wanted the moment to pass.
     "Please, Jenny," she gasped, pushing hard to keep Hugh's intruding 
cock from coming between them.  "Let's go to the bedroom ..."
     "OK by me," chortled Hugh, grabbing them both by the waist and slowly 
propelling them towards the bedroom.  Jenny kicked the door shut.
     "Hugh's in this one too, my pet," Jenny whispered in Linda's ear, 
sliding her tongue into her ear then down her neck and back around to her 
mouth.  The combination of her hot breath and wet tongue in Linda's ear 
had an electric effect on the inexperienced young girl.  Jenny couldn't 
believe this panting, hungering creature was the same one as the prim 
little miss of a few hours before.  She had never been so aroused by any 
girl, and this one responded to her more than any of the others had.  She 
eased the tautness of her ass-cheek muscles as she felt Hugh's fingers 
searching behind her, letting him feel around and into her cunt.  With his 
other hand Hugh was feeling below the soft, milky cheeks of Linda's 
buttocks and she too relaxed to let him explore lower, thinking it was 
Jenny's fingers.  They stood like this for awhile, slightly swaying to the 
rhythm of the music and Hugh keeping time with his member rubbing between 
their thighs, pushing forward until the swollen head of his cock was 
crushed against the two pubic mounds.  When he heard the door opening he 
told Billy to fuck-off and pour some beers and vodkas, to leave them alone 
for a few minutes.
     Linda was ready to cum when suddenly Hugh separated the two girls, 
pushing Jenny down to the bed on her back.  She looked at him with a 
quizzical expression as he forced Linda to kneel with her moist cunt 
placed over Jenny's upturned face.
     "You lick her cunt while I fuck it from behind," he said, winking at 
her.  "I'm sure you know where it is."
     There was no reply from Jenny as she put her arms around Linda's 
waist and eagerly buried her face into the soft pink lips of her pussy 
with its small fringe of curly blonde cuntal hairs.
     Half-realizing what was happening, Linda tried to lift herself up but 
Jenny's arms gripped her tightly around the waist and suddenly she felt 
Hugh's weight across her back, pinning her completely.  As a renewed surge 
of sensuality spread through her, tightening her insides, she pressed her 
pelvis forward to receive Jenny's lascivious tongue-lapping at her 
clitoris.
     "Ooooooooh," she moaned, momentarily forgetting that Hugh's fleshy 
rod was being readied behind her.  And then she felt Jenny's arms move 
from around her waist and her hands pulling her ass-cheeks apart.  She's 
helping Hugh!  God, Linda suddenly thought in a panic, they've planned 
this between them.  His own cousin had helped get her into this disgusting 
situation!  She started to scream in protest, the shock of her realization 
partly clearing away the effects of the drugged cookies.  Humiliated by 
her helplessness, she tried to struggle out of their grip but it was 
hopeless.
     Hugh clamped a hand across her mouth.  "Shut up you little lesbian 
bitch.  Or would you like to see a photo of this position, too?" he 
growled at her, feeling with the head of his cock for the tight, warm 
opening of her cunt.  "Give us a hand, Jenny," he said, "guide the monster 
into the little bitch."
     "With pleasure, Hugh," Jenny laughed, holding his hot throbbing cock 
with one hand and guiding it to where she parted the slippery lips of 
Linda's vagina with her other hand.
     "Start pushing," Jenny called, rubbing his probing rod with the 
juices exuding from Linda's moist cunt.  As Hugh started to slide his cock 
into the opening she licked at its head, licking right along the slit and 
across Linda's hard little erect clitoris.  Hugh took his hand away from 
Linda's mouth and caressed her breasts while his other hand pressed into 
the bed to ease some of his weight from her body.  He didn't want to 
squash Jenny's head.  What a fantastic licker you are, my cousin, he 
thought.  You've tamed us both!  For Linda's moaning had subsided, her 
face was buried into the pillow and she was already moving her buttocks 
back toward Hugh's entering cock without him having to pull her back.  He 
was now partly in and could feel Jenny licking right along beneath his 
rod, sending quivers that he could feel spreading from his anus right 
through his body.
     Linda's cunt was wet with want and Jenny's was puffed and streaming 
with a clitoral excitement that she attended to with her own fingers while 
at the same time she flicked away with her tongue at the long, slippery 
cock and the juicily soft cunt.  Linda turned her head sideways on the 
pillow, closed her eyes and gave herself up to the complete pleasure of 
feeling Jenny's beautiful mouth and tongue working away at her while her 
vagina openly welcomed the intrusion being made from behind her.
     It was too much for the inexperienced fifteen year old: Hugh was 
starting to slide right into her when she came, shuddering up to his cock 
and down to Jenny's tongue, afraid at the same time as she was cumming 
that she might hurt Jenny's wonderful mouth.  Her eyes glazed with erotic 
pleasure, her body shook and she thought her cunt was afire.  As the 
explosion within her body subsided she wanted more, more of that same 
feeling
     "Fuck me harder Hugh ... fuck me ... fuck me ... fuck me," she 
begged.
     "What about me, you selfish bastards?" said a voice from the doorway.  
Billy stood there, his eyes popping at the scene of debauched bodies, his 
large member in one hand, a can of beer in the other.  Hugh was climbing 
further up the large double bed to squat with his cock against Linda's 
face.  "Suck this," he said to Linda, grabbing two handfuls of her hair.
     "Go on, give him a little suck," Jenny urged, at the same time 
reaching for Billy's pulsating rod, pulling him down to the bed.  Aroused 
and unsatisfied, she saw that Hugh was about to neglect her while he 
forced his cock into Linda's mouth and she desperately needed something to 
satisfy the agony of want she felt raging between her thighs.
     Linda felt Jenny's tongue go back into her cunt, that glorious tongue 
knowingly, tenderly licking again at her clitoris that now had an 
insatiable, pulsating itch.  Into her befuddled brain came the memory of 
Tom shooting his sperm into her face, her mother swallowing as her father 
moaned in orgasm.  She tried pitifully to turn her head away only to be 
pulled painfully back by the hair so that her lips were against the head 
of his cock she had wanted in her cunt.
     Not my mouth, oh not my mouth, her sane mind rebelled and her stomach 
tightened as she tasted the dribbles of lubrication running from its head, 
and she thought he was cumming.  She struggled again but Hugh pushed back 
her head and clamped his mouth on hers, parting her lips.  She gave in to 
his kiss, opening her mouth, inspired by Jenny's tongue going up in sharp 
darts inside her vagina.  Hugh felt Linda's mouth slacken, quickly lifted 
his face away from hers and pushed her open full lips down over the head 
of his cock, still wet from the juice of her cunt.  She tried to break 
away again and was held as Hugh rammed his huge member so hard into her 
mouth that she thought she'd choke.  She was being too firmly held now, 
Jenny's arms around her waist and Hugh's hands behind her head.
     The older girl, lewdly excited by the struggling young blonde, gasped 
to Billy, "Quick shove your cock into my cunt.  I want you to fuck me for 
all you're worth."  Billy didn't need a second invitation and guiding his 
wildly jerking shaft into her lust-inflamed vaginal depths he thought: 
Christ I thought she was a lesbian but she really wants a man to fuck her 
... and fuck her I will.
     Meanwhile Hugh was grinding his pelvis hard into Linda's face.  "Suck 
you bitch or I'll jam it down your throat.  Suck!"  Linda wondered how 
Hugh could be so terrible to her.  He knows doesn't he that this is a 
sexual as t that gives me nightmares?  It revolts me!  Only whores do it.  
And he called me a lesbian! she dimly recalled, groaning to herself as hot 
flushes of shame colored her cheeks.  She could hear the wet sucking sound 
as Billy fucked away at Jenny, the sound forming a rhythm with the licking 
of Jenny's tongue up the groove of her squelchily wet cunt.  Her mouth 
began to work automatically at sucking Hugh's cock that curved almost too 
high into her mouth.  She leaned forward so as to suck more comfortably, 
experimenting with it along one cheek and bringing her tongue into play.
     "You're learning fast, baby.  You're a natural," Hugh said, looking 
down at Billy fucking into his cousin's cunt like a madman and Jenny's 
breasts pressed down by the weight of Linda's bent thighs.  "Suck harder, 
Yankee bitch, I want to feel you really sucking."  Linda responded by 
placing an arm around Hugh's buttocks to control her rhythm and felt his 
lust-inflated balls slapping against her chin.  She began to suck and 
tongue wildly at the rod filling her mouth now wet with a mixture of 
saliva and what she innocently imagined to be his cum.  She vaguely 
thought of the Polaroid camera but gratefully remembered she'd left it 
behind.  The thought that at least they couldn't increase their blackmail 
relaxed her further, and she grabbed at Hugh's back, digging her nails 
into his flesh as she pulled her face back sufficiently to expose his 
thickly engorged member and then greedily pulled it back into her mouth, 
abandoning herself to it, her tongue flickering with a life of its own, as 
she felt Jenny's marvelous action inside her vagina, while Billy increased 
the tempo of his strokes into the older girl's quivering cunt.
     I'm going to explode! Linda thought as Jenny clamped her mouth 
against her clitoris and sucked her in a tempestuous cuntal kiss.  Billy's 
jack-hammering rod was exciting Jenny more than she had ever thought 
possible.  Linda could feel Hugh's blood-swollen member beginning to 
throb; she sucked harder at him, her mind blank except for her desperate 
attempt to imagine Jenny in that position, that sucking kiss against her 
clitoris: It was from there that the electric shudders emanated and spread 
throughout every fiber of her body.  She wanted Jenny to poke deeper into 
her vagina what she really wanted was a lovely big cock to fill her cunt, 
to satisfy that insatiable burning lust that was tormenting her.
     But Hugh was ramming his swollen shaft down her throat: "Christ I'm 
cuummmming!" he groaned.  Linda wanted to say it, too, to gasp out in the 
excruciating pleasure of her own orgasm as she felt his hot load of sperm 
jetting into her mouth.  "Swallow it down," she dimly heard him say, and 
she swallowed and sucked for all she was worth until she felt his taut 
body slump.  She could see Billy's face contort erotically as he came, 
too, convulsively pumping his sperm into Jenny's belly.
     "Aaaaggghhhh, that's wonderful Billy, oh fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," 
Jenny cried mindlessly between Linda's legs.  Billy rolled off her and 
Hugh, his cock still rock-hard, pulled out of Linda's mouth and climbed on 
top of his cousin.  They kissed frantically, with the taste of Linda's 
cuntal juice around Jenny's mouth, as Hugh easily slipped his hard cock 
into her.  From the head of the bed Linda stared down with a twinge of 
jealousy, seeing Jenny throw her elegant long legs around Hugh, fucking 
back at him as he ground away deep inside her vaginal depths with a long 
pent-up desire.  Jenny looked down along Hugh's body, watching his flexing 
buttocks rhythmically rising and falling like a piston.  This was 
something she had often imagined herself doing looking over his shoulders 
to watch the contraction and relaxation movements of his ass-cheeks.  The 
very sight of his body fucking her aroused her to new heights.
     "Aaaahhhhhh!  That's it!  That's wonderful, my darling Hugh," Jenny 
cried as she jerked herself up in a frenzy of orgasm, their sweating naked 
bodies held tightly together.  Linda, curled up above their heads, felt 
down to her swollen pussy and looked at Jenny's as Hugh slowly withdrew 
from it with a lewd sucking sound.  She wanted Hugh to fuck her too but 
her humiliation at his hands made her stubbornly silent.  Regretfully, she 
heard the boys get up and go out to the kitchen for Cokes.
     "Would you like an Aussie Coke?" Hugh asked snidely.  Jenny replied 
for both of them that they would.  Linda certainly felt thirsty from the 
musky taste of cum.  One more Aussie Coke won't hurt, she thought 
carelessly.



Chapter 8

     Down at the Surf Club the beer flowed endlessly as dozens of husky 
young men overdid their efforts to satisfy the Big Australian Thirst, the 
national pastime that traditionally excluded women at least in the bars.  
Poker machines rattled and clinked, adding to the loud sounds of talk, and 
orders for pints, "schooners" and "middies" of frothing beer.  Barmen 
carried huge platters of brimming glasses to tables or shoved them across 
beer-wet bars to drinkers clad mostly in shorts and shirts.  In one corner 
a cluster of men were gloating over a color photo passed among them by Jim 
Yates and Tiger Kelly, both of whom were obviously drunk.
     "Bloody little beauty, eh?" Tiger was leering.  "My mates and I are 
thinking of hawking her fork to select members of the club."
     "Succulent little bird," drooled one of the crowd.
     "She was only broken in yesterday but she's mad for it."  Tiger 
reached for the photo and jammed it in his pocket.  "That's enough," he 
laughed drunkenly, "You'll wear it out staring at it."
     "How do you know she's that good have you tried her yourself?" asked 
another.
     "No, we haven't had a go yet," growled Jim.  "She's Hugh's pick-up.  
But we'll let you all know tomorrow.  Tonight's the night for us and 
tomorrow it'll be on for one and all."
     Tiger was staring blearily at the clock.  "Hey Sludgie," he mumbled.  
"Time we left.  It's eleven o'clock."
     Jim pulled him up close by his shirt.  "Don't call me that, you 
hear?" he growled softly.  None of the others noticed as they continued 
talking loudly of surf, sun and beer.  If there was no chance of an orgy 
immediately they quickly lost interest although none of them would fail to 
keep in the back of his mind the fact that perhaps tomorrow or the next 
day there would be a beautiful young American blonde available.  Something 
different, even if the body was no better, judging by the photo, than 
dozens of fantastic girls who thronged the beaches on weekends.
     Tiger and Jim downed another large beer "for the road" and left the 
stifling room full of cigarette smoke and noise.
     Arriving at Jenny's apartment, they announced themselves by pounding 
with their fists on the door and when it opened, fell in, both calling out 
drunkenly "Where is she?"
     Jenny and Linda were in the bedroom, dressing up from the model's 
wide assortment of clothes.  Hugh and Billy sat naked at a table littered 
with opened and unopened cans of beer.  They had been discussing who 
should have which girl next or whether they could work out something so 
that they could somehow have them both at the same time.  They were 
laughing about the possibilities and strange configurations when their 
noisy friends came thumping on the door.
     "Take it easy fellers," Hugh said.  "You'll frighten the fillies with 
that great stallion weapon of yours, Sludge-Pump."
     As powerful and thick-set as he was, Jim Yates respected Hugh as 
leader and the best fighter of the group as long as he didn't call him 
"Sludge-Pump" in front of strangers.  That made him see red.
     The girls had partly opened the bedroom door but had quickly shut and 
locked it when they saw the drunks appear.  They were both very much under 
the influence of the narcotic and vodkas although the older girl was more 
conscious and aware than Linda whose mind had slipped into a semi-
conscious limbo.  Nevertheless they were shaken at the sight of the 
drunken louts.  Jenny knew and disliked them both, finding Jim Yates 
particularly repulsive while Linda's first reaction on meeting them on the 
beach had been one of complete rejection.
     Jenny's apprehension was justified when after a few minutes of 
conversation and pouring drinks the boys in the living room started 
knocking on the bedroom door, asking to be let in.
     "Oh, don't let them in," begged Linda, now trembling with fright.  
The changing of clothes and dressing up, the intimate touching and kissing 
while they occupied themselves with dresses had been fun.  She felt 
apprehensive as the loud vulgar sounds of the four men penetrated into the 
bedroom.
     "It's all right," Hugh called out.  "Everybody's dressed.  We're 
having a party and we've gotta have someone to dance with," he added, 
winking at the others.  "Put on a record, Billy."
     "Hugh," Jenny called back.  "Get those bastards out of here.  And 
take yourself and Billy with them."
     "Oh, no you don't," Hugh yelled.  "You can't order me and my mates 
about like that ..."  He was about to change his tone, to cajole his 
cousin, when he was brushed aside as Tiger, Jim and Billy crashed forward, 
their shoulders hitting the frail door, bursting it open.
     "Aha, the ladies are dressed for a party," said Billy, admiring the 
long maxi-dresses the girls were wearing.  He grabbed Jenny around the 
waist.  "My dance baby?" he asked.
     Jenny saw that there was no use arguing now.  They would wreck her 
flat if she and Linda didn't join in the party.  The hard streak in the 
model was beginning to show: Linda would have to look after herself if the 
worst came to the worst.  Anyway, her resistance was at a low ebb after 
the pot, the drinks and sex she had enjoyed.  If only that creepy "Sludge-
Pump"  hadn't turned up, she moaned to herself.  She let Billy and Hugh, 
still naked, take herself and Linda into the living room to dance 
awkwardly to the music.
     As for Linda, she felt abandoned and lost.  Jenny had become her 
security, her friend, her trusted friend.  She had anticipated staying the 
night alone with Jenny.  Somewhere in her thoughts Hugh was accepted but 
that was all.  Everything now was drastically changed.  Someone turned off 
all the lights except a shaded lamp in a corner.  She felt Hugh's hand 
behind her back unzipping her dress and felt his naked fleshy cock pushing 
into her belly.  Suddenly the dress was ripped from her body.  Looking 
back she saw the awful person they called "Sludge-Pump" leeringly hold the 
torn dress in front of himself.  Slowly, he lifted the dress like a 
curtain going up in a theatre, lifting until first his huge dangling 
testicle sac came into view, followed by what seemed to be an endless 
exposure of the biggest penis she had ever seen in her small experience.  
She couldn't believe that a man could have a cock of such dimensions.  As 
the purple, red-flanged head of the monstrous weapon popped out from 
beneath the raised dress, she screamed.
     "Oh, God!  No!" she yelled, throwing her arms around Hugh, forgetting 
that his hard horn was now pressing between her legs.  He lifted her up so 
that his cock was shoved right through between her legs, the head of it 
showing at the bottom of her ass-cheeks.
     "Don't let him touch me," she begged, burying her head into Hugh's 
neck to block out the awesome sight.  She looked up, seeking Jenny, and 
found her in the dim light, also looking aghast at the long, thick member 
Jim Yates was holding in his fist.
     So that's why they call the moronic bastard "Sludge-Pump", Jenny 
thought to herself.  She wanted to laugh but the situation was too 
serious.  She could tell that they were all too drunk to control 
themselves.  Alone, she could handle Hugh or Billy or even that lout 
Tiger, but certainly not the ugly brute with his deformed member let alone 
the whole group.  Nevertheless she pushed Billy away from his efforts to 
take her dress off and went up to Linda and Hugh.
     "Keep that bastard away from us, Hugh, or by Christ I'll tell your 
police-sergeant father what you've been doing in Sydney," she threatened.
     Hugh gave her the old twinkling smile.  "Sure.  No trouble at all.  
Do anything for you, my lovely fucktious cousin.  But we're having a 
party, don't forget.  And would you like me to tell my Dad about you and 
Linda?  Or tell Linda's old man?"  He knew he could threaten Jenny as much 
as she could threaten him.  However, he knew what a determined, man-hating 
bitch his cousin could be, that she'd been drinking and taking hash, and 
if she really got mad she was likely to put a chair through the window and 
scream for help.
     He watched her expression as she reacted to his threats.
     "Tell you what," he whispered in her ear, "give us a girlie 
exhibition on the couch and the boys will leave afterwards.  Then you and 
I can have another fuck.  I want to slip it into you again, Jenny.  You 
sure are a raver."
     "Get us a drink and keep your hairy freak out of our way," Jenny 
demanded, too far gone to do anything like the wrecking acts Hugh 
imagined, but she was very annoyed.  She didn't like his suggestion 
although she knew she would soon get in the mood to have Linda again.  
Thinking of it made her look at the girl clutching her cousin, the very 
sight of Linda's nude body stirring the nerves at the bottom of her belly.  
Jenny pulled the young blonde girl away from Hugh and, as she moved with 
her toward the couch, Jim tried to ram his thick truncheon into Linda's 
ass-cheeks.  The kid swag her arm back in a defensively reflex action, 
catching Jim such a stinging blow across the bridge of his nose that his 
eyes watered.  Calling her a bloody bitch, he was about to retaliate when 
Hugh and Tiger pushed him back into a chair.
     "Cool it, Sludgie," ordered Hugh.  "Sit down and watch the demo.  And 
keep your hands off the birds," he added, giving Jim a knowing wink.  The 
four life savers were all naked now, as they sat on chairs, drinking from 
cans of beer and stroking their erect cocks.  Billy had put "Drumsville" 
on the record player and as Jenny walked Linda to the couch a track of 
stripper music introduced just the right sound for the exhibition.  Jim 
settled down into his chair, rubbing his nose and staring through 
bloodshot eyes at the blonde girl.  He had a couple of scores to settle 
with her, and with that stuck-up lesbian, too, he growled to himself.
     Jenny forced Linda to drink the heavily laced vodka and Coke Hugh 
brought them.  The terrified girl shivered when she glanced at the 
lasciviously watching young men with their erections, all of them 
unbelievably huge and that appalling one called Sludge-Pump balancing his 
can of beer on the head of his weapon.  She turned to gasp whimperingly at 
Jenny that she must protect her.  Jenny whispered that they must go 
through with the exhibition act.
     "Forget that they're here," she hissed.  "Concentrate on me, my 
little pet.  Remember I love you."
     "I'll do anything, anything," Linda whispered back, feeling trapped, 
her tears falling on Jenny's neck.
     "Get your gear off," Hugh called to Jenny, who fumbled at her back 
zipper.
     "Help me, Linda," she asked, and Linda undid the zipper to allow 
Jenny to pull the dress over her head.
     As the dress fell to the floor, revealing that Jenny too was wearing 
nothing else, they heard the boys cheering and making crude comparisons 
about their bodies.  Jenny sat on the couch and pulled the dazed Linda 
onto her lap.  Linda, suddenly aware of the whole disastrous situation, 
hid her head in Jenny's neck shivering with an attack of nerves that 
brought her out in goosebumps all over.
     "Come on darling, don't be afraid," Jenny whispered breathily in her 
ear, at the same time nibbling at the pink lobe and darting her tongue in 
and around that sensitive zone.  Gradually Linda responded.  She searched 
for Jenny's mouth and their lips met in a lingering kiss that started a 
fire burning in both their bellies.  Tongue met tongue and did a wild 
dance.  Their erect nipples brushed against each other bringing them to 
aching hardness.
     At the back of Linda's mind her lost innocence was aghast at the 
depths she had fallen to, but a new part of her shamelessly urged her on, 
aroused at the eroticism of exhibiting her sexuality in front of these 
lewdly lusting young men.
     Suddenly Jenny broke free from their abandoned kiss to suck greedily 
at the coral buds of the young girl's breasts, flicking her tongue around 
them teasingly until Linda's cunt was ablaze with frantic desire.
     "Oh God, stick your tongue up my cunt darling.  Please, please, 
please," the blonde groaned shamelessly, all inhibitions gone.  Jenny, at 
a peak of excitement was only too happy to comply, her saliva flowing at 
the thought of the juicy cunt, sticky with anticipation.  She sank to her 
knees on the floor and burrowed her head hungrily between the young girl's 
slim thighs, pushing them wide apart so that the audience would get a good 
eyeful of the madly palpitating slit.  Droolingly she tongued at the 
slippery vagina, alternately thrusting her tongue into the burning hole 
and then sucking at the twitching clitoris.
     Linda thought her brain would explode.  So this is what they mean by 
"blowing your mind", she thought as she frantically pushed her pubic mound 
up to meet Jenny's unendurably exciting tongue.  Suddenly her head snapped 
back and her eyes rolled back in their sockets it felt as though thousands 
of light bulbs were popping inside her head.  From a long way off she 
heard herself gasping and groaning.  Her body was wracked by convulsive 
spasms, which seemed to last an eternity.  She felt as though she had 
passed out for a few seconds.  As her tingling cunt continued to throb she 
kept Jenny's head pressed hard between her legs until the raging torrent 
of sweetness should die down, trying to prolong it as long as possible.
     By now Jenny was half-mad with desire to gratify the imperious 
demands of her own cunt, and she pushed Linda lengthways along the couch, 
climbing on top of her in the soixante-neuf position.  Linda suddenly 
found Jenny's dripping cunt pressed hard against her mouth and she 
automatically licked and sucked for all she was worth like a madwoman, the 
musky smell filling her nostrils and inflaming her to new heights.
     Through the haze of pot and sensuality she heard the coarse voice of 
Jim Yates groan: "Christ I'm almost cumming.  It's time those two sluts 
got a cuntful of cock."  He lurched forward, eyes glazed with lust, 
rubbing his clenched fist up and down his thick truncheon.  But he was too 
far gone and suddenly with a long drawn out groan he shot his sperm in 
spurt after spurt all over Jenny's pumping buttocks.
     Linda's fingers, pressing tightly into the soft flesh of Jenny's ass-
cheeks, felt the hot sticky fluid covering the tightly flexed buttocks.  
The excited young blonde rubbed it over the silken flesh, enjoying the 
slippery texture.  She suddenly felt as though she were choking.  Jim had 
collapsed on top of the two girls wallowing in the sweat and slipperiness 
of his sperm, pressing his still erect member between the cleft of Jenny's 
deliciously rounded buttocks.
     Hugh and Billy swiftly grabbed the huge life saver to keep the two 
girls from being suffocated.  Swinging wildly, the thick-set Jim knocked 
Hugh down with a punch to the neck.  Dazed, it was a second or two before 
Hugh could stagger to his feet, cursing.  Jim also pushed the others away 
and lay back spread-eagled on Jenny's back while both girls were yelling 
as best they could for help.
     In this kind of situation loyalties were partly forgotten.  Hugh knew 
that Billy would stick with him: he'd already had his go at Jenny, 
satisfying an old ambition.  And Tiger was Jim's mate, closer to him than 
to Hugh or Billy.  Obviously he had to get that big bastard "Sludge-Pump" 
and get him fast; then Tiger would be on his own.
     Hugh leaped over to the couch and swung his fist hard against the 
side of Jim's face, catching him partly on the temple.  The powerful brute 
collapsed where he was, lying on Jenny, his colossal rod extending under 
her ass-cheeks and jammed high up between their bellies.  Frustrated by 
not getting to the girls first, Tiger had stood back to see the outcome of 
the fight and was preparing to knock Billy out of any free-for-all.  Now 
he stood there while Hugh and Billy dragged the unconscious Sludge-Pump, 
his cock limp but still huge, across the floor.  The large member with its 
huge purple head was bigger than any of theirs; they couldn't even compare 
their own with an erection against Sludgie's when it was slack.  All their 
cocks were beginning to droop as a result of the tension.
     "The bloody big moron would go and ruin everything," moaned Billy, 
looking down at his weapon as he moved to sit with the girls.  They were 
sitting up, Linda's arms around Jenny and both of them anxiously looking 
at the prostrate form of Jim Yates lying flat on his back with that 
horse's cock hanging limply over his thigh.
     "Well, what are you going to do now?" queried Billy.
     "Tie up the bastard," Hugh said, going to the kitchen to get some 
rope.  "Get some more beer and mix a couple of strong vodkas for the 
birds, Billy.  That'll keep you busy," he ordered.
     As soon as Hugh left the room Tiger suddenly pushed Linda's arms away 
from her tight hold around Jenny, picked the model up and carried her, 
kicking and flailing her arms to the bedroom.  She was struggling 
violently with him on the bed when Billy brought in a beer and vodka.
     "Shut the door when you go out, Billy," he yelled pushing Jenny back 
onto the bed and holding her shoulders down while he kneed her legs apart.
     Outside the door Billy was faced with a scratching, clawing Linda,


From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:47:59 1996
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!in2.uu.net!news.ios.com!ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net!user
From: grobert@soho.ios.com (TheEditor)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: WkEnCptv 6/8  "The Weekend Captive"
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 13:04:05 -0700
Organization: Internet Online Services
Lines: 478
Message-ID: <grobert-2006961304060001@ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net

her long hair flying about her face as she tried to push past to wrench 
open the door.
     "Let me in, let me in," she screamed deliriously.
     Billy ducked and dodged the savagely clawing girl until he grabbed 
her around the waist, took a handful of hair, pulling her head back so 
that he could clamp his mouth hard down on one of her heaving young 
breasts.  His cock shot up into a rock hard, curving rod; his hand went 
between her ass-cheeks where he was just getting a finger into her wet 
crevice when he felt Hugh's arm go around his neck.  He was forced to 
release the girl who rushed to the bedroom door calling out for Jenny.  
Temporarily she was strengthened by the adrenaline flowing into her 
system, and the haze of hashish and alcohol momentarily cleared.  If I 
don't resist these mad animals there's no hope for me.  I'll die, she 
thought bitterly, rather than give in and be at the mercy of these 
dreadful beach bums.  Her sudden move to the door had caught both Hugh and 
Billy by surprise and she had the door open before they joined forces and 
grabbed her.
     Before being dragged away from the bedroom she was horrified at the 
sight that met her eyes.  Her wonderful Jenny had her long legs wrapped 
tightly around the savagely pumping Tiger who was kissing her and licking 
her unresisting body from top to toe.  Trembling in abject terror and 
desolation at being deserted by her love, her sudden burst of strength 
expended, Linda allowed herself to be dragged back to the couch after the 
bedroom door was slammed in her face.
     Flung onto the couch, she heard Hugh saying, "Don't let the bitch get 
up while I finish tying old Sludgie's wrists together."  Billy placed his 
foot in the small of her back, pressing her down while Hugh completed the 
tying.
     "That'll hold the horny lunatic," Hugh laughed, satisfied now that 
everything was under control.
     Taking a long swig from a can of beer, Billy was also amused at the 
sight of the powerful surfer lying helpless as a baby on the floor, his 
wrists tied securely.
     "I want to feel her cunt," Billy said, bending down and rubbing his 
hand over the cheeks of Linda's vulnerable buttocks.  He felt her shiver 
at his touch.  "She's a jumpy bitch all right," he said, pushing harder 
with his foot against the terrified girl's back.
     "Go on, have a feel," Hugh said generously, enjoying the scene.  He 
didn't see Linda as a tortured, suffering and pathetic girl of fifteen, 
but as a stuck-up little bitch who should be taught a lesson.  She's asked 
for it, he said to himself, and by God she's going to get it.  The sight 
of her writhing and fucking against his cousin had brought him to a state 
where he desired savagely to have her want him as badly as she wanted the 
girl.  Jesus, he thought, it'll take two of us at least to give her all 
the cock she wants.
     Lying flat on her stomach, Linda jerked forward from the sudden 
clutch of Billy's hand going deep into the cleft of her ass-cheeks and 
rubbing clammily into the wetness of her pussy.  Her yell of protest was 
cut off when her head was shoved viciously face down into the couch.  Oh 
my God, they'll kill me if I move, she thought.  There's no escape.  She 
tried to wriggle her buttocks away from the pushing hand salaciously 
rubbing from her anus down to the entrance of her vagina, attempting with 
all her remaining strength to evade the fiercely digging fingers seeking 
her cuntal entrance.  She felt him find the wet, silky smooth opening and 
ram his finger hard forward, cruelly violating her vaginal passage.  Not 
content with grinding one finger in the tender recesses of her delicate 
cunt he brutally shoved two, then three fingers and finally his whole hand 
up her sorely stretched passage.
     "Oooooohhhh," she screamed wildly, lifting her shoulders to swing 
weakly with her arm back at the burly leg pushing into her back.  Again 
her head was shoved down.  She couldn't bear it, she just couldn't, it was 
inhuman.  The muscles of her cunt tried to eject that cruelly invading 
hand but that only excited the brute more.  Her gorge rose and she felt 
sick to her stomach.
     Hugh drained a can of beer, moved over to the couch and kneeled 
behind her, watching the poor writhing pinioned girl.
     "OK, you've had your feel, Billy," he said, pulling the hand away 
from her wet slit.  "Sit down and hold her head while I give it to her 
from behind."
     Billy sat at the far end of the large couch, lifting the crying 
girl's tear-stained face to confront his throbbing member.  He thrust it 
into her sobbing mouth, delighted with the spectacle of its hugeness 
making Linda's cheeks bulge lewdly.  In desperation she knew she'd have to 
suck him off if she were ever to get out of this intolerable torment.  She 
sucked back and forth like an automaton, her eyes glazed in her semi-
consciousness.
     "You love it, you little whore, don't you?" Billy sneered.  "Come on 
Hugh, she wants to be filled at both ends; ram the old avenger home."
     Linda could only manage a token resistance, piteously trying to keep 
her legs together as Hugh grabbed her by the waist to lift her buttocks 
into the air.  She felt his groping hands move down to her sorely ravaged 
pussy, felt his fingers parting the almost hairless lips to guide the 
large head of his cock into her inflamed cunt, her body protesting in 
jerky spasms.  She felt the blood-filled head of his hot cock move in, 
expanding her vagina as it moved, then she screeched as Hugh savagely 
rammed far into her belly so quickly and roughly that her tender vaginal 
passage burned as though a red-hot poker had been thrust up her.
     "Please, please no more, I can't stand any more," she withdrew her 
mouth from Billy's wetly glistening member to plead.  Billy grabbed her 
head on both sides and thrust it back at the wildly jumping head of his 
cock, shoving her head back and forth energetically while Hugh's shaft 
seared into her cunt in the same rhythm.  There was to be no mercy for 
her.  She felt like a tribal sacrifice in some primitive native ritual.  
She was no longer a person, she was just a juicy, wet hole to be fucked 
and fucked and fucked.  If only I could pass out, she thought.  If only I 
could die!
     Hugh reached over to the coffee table beside the couch and picked up 
a glass of straight vodka.  "Here make the little fucker drink this," he 
said, handing it to Billy.
     They were both surprised when Linda drank greedily, spilling much of 
it down her chin in her anxiety to find oblivion.  They won't want me 
unconscious, she thought, and even if they do, I won't feel anything.  But 
already she was half-conscious of the reaction of her vagina and clitoris 
to the squelchily thrusting and withdrawing cock that was making her belly 
quiver.  She could feel the sex fire building up against her will: her 
buttocks were beginning to grind back into Hugh's pelvis despite the pain 
she felt from the way he had mercilessly entered her.
     He had never sunk his cock so deeply into her before ... she could 
feel it right into her womb ... it must be because of this new position.
     Oh God!  She was fucking like a bitch in heat.  But she couldn't stop 
it, she couldn't quench this perversely satisfying desire spreading 
throughout her body.  Her warmly wet cuntal muscles tightened convulsively 
around Hugh's cock driving in and out faster now, like a piston, 
exquisitely exciting every tissue, despite the pain  or perhaps increased 
by it every nerve in that feverish cunt of hers, the cunt that somehow was 
more important to her after those "fun and games" with Jenny.
     "Fuck me, fuck me," she muttered mindlessly, backing up to Hugh's 
thrusts, "Oh fuck me, Hugh."  Neither of the young surfers could 
understand what she was saying, since her mouth was almost filled with 
Billy's hammering cock, but they could tell by the excitedly pleading tone 
of her voice that she was no longer fighting them.  And her actions 
betrayed her awakening hunger, also.  Pushing herself up on her hands to 
enable her body to respond all the more easily in this strange and erotic 
position, she welcomed the insanely kneading fingers of both Hugh and 
Billy digging into her firmly hanging breasts.  She could feel Hugh's 
lust-bloated balls slapping against her anus as his rasping rod moved in 
and out of her swollen vaginal lips.
     "I don't know what she was cryin' about,"  panted Billy, ramming his 
cock deep into her throat.  "She fucks like she's done nothin' else since 
she was ten."
     A wave of disgust for these sweating animals who thought they could 
use her body as an object, as though she had no personality at all, swept 
over her and she tried to swerve her face away from Billy's jabbing cock.
     "I think we might have to revive "Sludge-Pump" and untie him," Billy 
said leeringly.  "Might teach this young 'un to behave."
     "No, oh no," Linda moaned.  "I'll do anything."  The thought of Jim's 
abnormal member had an immediate effect of frightening her despite the 
demands of her body to fuck harder and longer with Hugh.
     "Come on, you hot bitch," Billy yelled and lifted her face to receive 
his mouth clammily against her lips.  Her body was rocking back and forth, 
she surrendered her mouth to his, letting his tongue probe in.  As soon as 
he felt her mouth slacken he pulled away.  "OK get your mouth back around 
my cock, and suck as though you really mean it," he ordered.
     Without a murmur she bowed her head in a cave of long blonde hair, 
closing her eyes as her mouth slowly filled with the head of Billy's 
throbbing cock.  His fist was still around it, rubbing so that droplets of 
his lubricating juices dribbled in little bursts into her mouth.  The last 
departing defensive thoughts left her mind empty except for the message of 
sex coming from all over her body, from her buttocks brushed by Hugh's 
hairy belly, the sheer thrilling excitement in her cunt, the feel of 
Hugh's chest across her back, the massaging of her breasts and the 
throbbing lust of the wet cock in her mouth.
     The climactic feeling she had experienced with Jenny was building up 
again in her brain like a bubble about to burst.  The early tightness she 
felt disappeared as her cunt opened in welcome, as the juices flowed and 
the nerves sent thrilling messages of satisfaction to her sex-obsessed 
mind.  Somehow she associated the cock in her mouth with the cock in her 
cunt: the sucking and fucking were a completeness.
     There was no doubt that the unfortunate girl was not only drugged 
with narcotic and alcohol, she was reduced to animal abandonment by the 
drug of over-sexed lust.  The more her clitoris palpitatingly welcomed the 
mindlessly grinding shaft of hotly hard flesh, the more her belly stirred, 
engendering a lustful heat in her breasts, her mouth, in every cell of her 
body.
     She moved her weight from her hands by leaning a shoulder into Billy: 
she wanted to hold his cock, to push his pumping hand away so she could 
squeeze and massage it herself while she sucked above at its head.  Billy 
was happy to let her take over the whole works, lying back with his head 
at the rear of the couch, smiling lewdly as he looked down on that blonde 
heap of hair covering his cock and balls.  Jesus, what a mover!  What a 
goddamned fuck-hot bitch she is!  Her fingers were wetly slithering up and 
down, up and down, tightly gripped around his hard cock, while her head 
bobbed up and down to keep the head of his monster moving in and out of 
her mouth.  What a beauty!  What a mad, raving drunken Yankee bitch she 
is.  He'd get fifty dollars a time for her from his pals at the Surf Club, 
if Hugh would agree to the deal.  His degenerate mind worked at this new 
opportunity to earn easy money.  Christ!  We could make a couple of 
hundred dollars a day easily with this luscious blonde angel.  Some of 
those horny bastards at the Club would pay plenty to have a go at a girl 
of fifteen, for the first time in their lives ...  I know some rich old 
jokers in Brisbane who'd pay a thousand for her!  No use thinking of that, 
he mused, reaching out to grip the bobbing blonde head; once she leaves 
this joint a man would be a mug to be seen within a mile of her!  One 
squeak from her and we'd all be in the clink.
     The orgasm-crazed girl abandoned herself completely to the slowly 
mounting explosion within her.  She wanted the feeling to linger forever, 
at the same time wanting it to accelerate, to blow herself apart into a 
gaseous cloud of pulsating fuck that would float forever in a heavenly 
sky.  Weird colors and shapes formed in her head.  She dripped with sweat, 
Hugh's hands slid across her dancing breasts, she droolingly sucked harder 
and faster, and ground her buttocks in a circular motion against that 
virile cock ramming regularly and so deeply within her, her expanded cunt 
hungrily contracting, sucking and wanting more and more of it.  And Hugh 
responded, rising up on his knees to hold her small young waist in a tight 
grip and to frenziedly ram in long, swiftly deep strokes, his cum-filled 
cock, its glans irritated so much his body shook with a maniacal effort to 
satisfy the eager cunt thirstily sucking for more.
     He was so engrossed in his attempt to devastatingly ravish the 
gorgeous creature writhing beneath him, he didn't notice the movement in a 
far corner of the room where "Sludge-Pump" Yates was coming out of his 
coma.  Billy saw him dazedly sitting up to stare around the room, fixing 
his eyes on the debauch on the couch then looking down at his carelessly 
bound wrists.  He had not been properly tied up: it was only a temporary 
measure to keep him quiet.  He looked about for the other girl.  Where was 
she?  He looked behind him and saw the bedroom door closed and heard the 
grunting and moaning emanating from inside.  Billy smiled at him, 
indicating with a silent movement of his head that it might be a great 
idea if he forgot about the young blonde for awhile and concentrated on 
helping Tiger.  He watched with amazement as Jim's huge member stiffened 
even as he shook off the cords around his wrists.  Jesus! he chortled to 
himself, wait till that lesbian bitch gets a cuntful of that!  He was 
right on the verge of cumming himself, stretching his body back to raise 
his cock farther up to that wildly bobbing head of massed blonde hair.
     But he was disappointed.  She was doing her own thing, exploding in a 
loud drawn-out moan, cumming with Hugh whose eyes were glazing over as he 
went into a mighty orgasm.
     "Fuck harder, fuck harder ... harder," Linda groaned, lifting her 
face forcibly from Billy's cock.  "Quicker, quicker, please.  Oh please 
FUCK ME QUICKER," she begged.  She was exploding into orgasm after orgasm, 
spasm after spasm was shaking her sex-wracked body.  She thought it would 
never end, this frantic convulsion bringing every muscle in her body into 
action, tightening and contracting so that she bent double, resisting 
Billy's efforts to pull her head back to his wetly unsatisfied cock.  She 
reached behind her to pull Hugh's thighs tighter towards her as she felt 
his hot sperm shooting deep inside her, pumping and jetting from his 
quivering shaft.  She heard his animal yell of triumph as the hot cum 
squirted in bursts from his loins, filling her belly and mixing with her 
own sticky cuntal fluid.  Her cunt was overflowing; she could feel a hot 
wetness oozing out and running in tiny rivulets down the soft inside of 
her shaking thighs to her knees.
     Hugh collapsed over her slim young back, and Billy was trying to 
finish himself off when they were startled by a loud scream issuing from 
the bedroom.  Hugh leaped up, his slackening cock still dribbling its cum, 
looking at the empty corner where "Sludge-Pump" had lain unconscious.  The 
bastard's got Jenny, he realized.  He was planning on fucking her next.  
He didn't want his cousin split asunder until he'd had another go at her, 
although no one could be as great a sex maniac as that succulent little 
blonde panting on the couch.  Christ, what a fuck!
     He pushed open the bedroom door to stare down in disbelief at the 
spectacle on the bed.  Jenny wasn't screaming now: she was moaning with 
want.  Tiger was relaxing on a chair by the window, drinking from a cold 
can of beer and also staring with admiration at the wondrous spectacle of 
Sludge-Pump's mighty equipment forced into the entrance of Jenny's tightly 
stretched cunt.  How she managed to take it was quite beyond belief.  Hugh 
didn't realize that she had been brought to near orgasm by Tiger but 
hadn't actually cum although her cunt had begun to palpitate with hot 
desire.  He could see for himself, however, that she was ripe enough to 
accept that thick corner-post wobbling into her: the view from behind 
showed her inflamed genitalia in clear detail, especially as Sludgie had 
lifted her buttocks high in the air and bent her legs so far back her 
knees were pressing into her voluptuous breasts.
     Well, perhaps that's torn it, he said to himself.  Too late to stop 
him now ... let him fuck the daylights out of her!
     Walking away towards the kitchen to get another can of beer out of 
the refrigerator, he saw his little Linda giving herself wholeheartedly to 
Billy.
     "Give her one for me," he said with drunken vulgarity.  Billy had 
turned her around onto the flat of her back so that they were fucking 
belly to belly.  Billy's cock was man-sized, and to Linda there seemed to 
be no difference between the one she had now and the one that a little 
while ago was at her from behind.  She hardly recognized Billy's face or 
his mouth which she was savagely kissing, her own mouth opening wide to 
accept his tongue in her cheeks.
     Hugh got his beer, lit a cigarette and went back to the bedroom to 
watch the flange-headed weapon work on his cousin.
     "Oooooooooohhhh, darling, darling, this is better, much much better," 
the model was moaning in ecstasy.  Jim's great cock was in as far as it 
could go, the blood-filled head hard up against her cervix.
     "Don't split her you bastard," Tiger called out laughingly, envious 
that his buddy may be stimulating her far more than his own efforts had 
achieved.
     "Yeah," agreed Hugh, "I want another go at that hot cunt of hers."
     Sludge-Pump Yates was deaf to them.  In any case he knew there was a 
limit to what any girl could take of his great member.  He reveled in her 
reaction, her groans of pleasure and the wet clasping of her cunt flesh as 
it closed on him so tight and slippery.  He was thankful that Tiger had 
got her so nicely prepared.
     This was only the third man Jenny had allowed in her for a long, long 
time.  It had taken the exciting desire for Linda and Hugh to break down 
her reserve.  She felt her body coming to life in a new way, the pain of 
Jim's first intrusion slowly giving way to a maddening fire of want that 
began deep within her womb, spreading relentlessly through the raw nerve 
ends of every inch of her beautifully elegant body.  She felt the tingling 
ripple through her cunt to her rectum, her clitoris was aflame where the 
nerves danced like fire, a white heat raged across her stomach, her 
breasts were hot and swollen, and she could feel the tingling rush from 
the lips of her vagina up her thighs and calves to the tips of her toes.
     Rotating her hips from side to side around the fleshy impaling rod, 
her vagina dilated in time to its rhythmic shoving.  God it's a monster!  
It could have been Linda's head inside her cunt and Linda's lips licking 
the pink walls of her vagina, she fantasized in her hashish-induced 
euphoria.
     "Aaaaaahhhh," she yelled as he pushed too hard.  "Jesus don't split 
me," she begged.
     Jim eased back a little and stopped.  He didn't mind hurting her a 
little, but he didn't want to go too far, to injure her seriously.
     "Oh, don't stop.  Fuck me, keep fucking me even if you hurt me."
     That was what he wanted.  He liked the bitch to beg for it and 
grunted his pleasure as he began screwing up against her clasping cuntal 
lips as much as he could get into her without frightening her again.  He 
watched her turning her head slowly from side to side in tormented 
ecstasy, and he saw her hypnotized stare at the erect members of Tiger and 
Hugh sitting on chairs on either side of the bed.  The dilated lips 
between her hair-lined livid slit pulled tantalizingly back, sliding wetly 
down his thick rod for several inches and then slowly, juicily coming back 
for more: she was testing it herself, to see how much she could take.  Jim 
held her short-cropped head in his hammy hands to press his ugly face 
close to hers, to push his lips down on her lovely mouth.  He could taste 
cunt there, Linda's young cuntal smell.  Jenny responded to him, kissing 
back, biting his lips, tonguing into his cheeks, lasciviously sucking at 
his tongue as though it were another cock, biting and tonguing at his 
mouth as if she had been waiting all her life to give herself to him 
completely.  He had no compassion for her as his lust increased, his arms 
pinning her legs back in that helpless position so that no part of her 
body could inhibit his complete control of her gaping cunt.  Withdrawing 
the deeply imbedded instrument, probing back again, he kept his movement 
timed with hers, feeling the heat of her cunt and the rush of moisture 
indicating her coming orgasm.
     She bucked against him wildly and then with a deep throated groan her 
body began vibrating uncontrollably.
     "Oh Jesus Christ, I'm cumming, I'm cumming.  Oh you wonderful bloody 
cock.  Aaaaaaaagh!" Jenny spluttered.
     Wet, sticky juice flooded from her throbbing vagina out past his 
inflamed, fleshy red cock, the warm fluid trickling down over her brown 
puckered anus that was also vibrating with the surge of her orgasm.
     Her cumming drove Jim to wild, careless rapture.  He forgot about the 
dangerous length of his mighty organ and rammed it forward with all his 
pent-up lust and bitterness.  He had waited a long time to ravish this 
precious lesbian.  He had given her a fucking great orgasm; now she would 
give him his.  He rammed the full throbbing length hard in, sinking it 
cruelly in to her helplessly exposed vagina, far into her womb, while she 
was still jerking spasmodically from the effects of her orgasm.  He jammed 
so hard, in his renewed attack, his hairy pelvis met hers for the first 
time.  She bucked in pain and shock this time.  Thankfully, the narcotic 
and vodka gave her some protection against much of the pain, and her own 
cumming had relaxed her sufficiently to take a little more of that 
fantastic member that felt like a wrestler's arm inside her.  He pulled 
back and rammed again, his hugely bloated balls slapping wetly against her 
anus.  His wet mouth locked over hers stifled the moans of protest.  She 
received no help from Tiger who was too absorbed in rubbing his own cock 
with his fist; nor from Hugh sitting boggle-eyed at the exhibition.  No 
one bothered to look through the open door at Billy grinding away at Linda 
for all his worth, her legs locked over his body, her buttocks plunging up 
to meet his every thrust.
     Jim was giving Jenny long strokes continuously now, filling her wet 
and slippery passage, withdrawing slowly until the great flange-head met 
the vagina lips, then with his buttocks tightened, thrusting forward in a 
quick movement that brought his balls slapping against her anal crack.  
Thrust after thrust he felt the wonderful tightness of the little-used 
cunt.  In Brisbane he usually satisfied his lust with big-cunted 
aboriginal whores.  This lesbian was as tight as a virgin and she was 
taking all of him ... though he was forced to ram with all his strength to 
get his pulsating rod into her.  Her arms were snaking round his back, her 
long nails digging into his flesh.  Instead of shrinking away from his 
outsize shaft, she was starting to grind forward to it, wanting it again.  
She let him rub his unshaved face over hers as he slobbered his saliva 
into her mouth.
     The sound of his grunts and her stifled moans was now joined by a 
high-pitched moaning coming from Linda in the sitting room.  Jim grunted 
louder and shoved his tongue down Jenny's throat as in one mighty push he 
rammed his exploding cock all the way into her soft unresisting cunt.  She 
could feel her insides painfully tearing as the large head of the deeply 
sunk weapon inflated like a balloon against her cervix, threatening to 
tear her womb apart.  She felt the first great spurt of hot cum shooting 
searingly into the inflamed walls, burning painfully yet somehow 
soothingly, too.  The muscles of her cunt clasped around the jerking, 
spewing cock, sucking at it as if to milk out every last drop his 
testicles could provide.  The cavern of her pink quivering passage was 
drowned in the flood of his fiery liquid.
     Sludge-Pump finally stopped grunting like a satiated pig, his heavy 
body collapsing over hers.  Gratefully, she freed her lovely long legs and 
eased them down, resting her heels between the cheeks of his relaxed 
buttocks.  The burning walls of her cunt, protected from the ordeal by 
both their fornicating juices, had no restraining effect in her desire 
which was also increasing as she heard Linda's pleasurable moans of non-
stop orgasms and Billy's wild yell as he shot his bolt hard up her 
insatiable cunt.  Christ I feel thirsty, Jenny thought.  It's that bloody 
pot that makes you thirsty.  She had no intention of moving to get a 
drink, however, while that lovely slackening heap of flesh remained in 
her.  It actually felt even better now, certainly less painful, as it lay 
limp but still huge inside her.  She was pleased his stupid head was 
turned away from her face so she wouldn't have to look at his ugly mug.  
She listened to Linda and smiled at the incredible transformation from a 
nymphet to a nympho.
     Sludge-Pump slowly withdrew his glistening rod from her livid cunt, 
bringing with it an amazing quantity of their mixed sticky-white juices.  
The black hairs that wound round her cunt and covered her pubic mound were 
soaking wet with sweat and the juices of their sex.  Beneath cock and 
cunt, the spread over the mattress was soaked through.  The great bull-
necked beast rolled off her, muttering that he wanted a beer.  He was 
satisfied up to a point: he hadn't hurt the lesbian bitch enough.  I tried 
to split her apart and she loved it!  Fuck her!  Jim thought bitterly.
     Jenny's cuntal itch was still aggravatingly teasing her.  When Hugh 
and Tiger went out in search of beer she got up, shut the door, threw the 
spread off the bed and lay back on the clean white sheets.  She had to cum 
again, she simply had to or she'd go mad.
     While one hand dreamily played with her breasts and nipples, the 
other tenderly felt over the lips of her swollen vagina, her middle finger 
touching her sensitive twitching clitoris, erect and pulsating with 
electric nerve ends.  With a contented moan she rolled over onto her 
stomach, her legs flexed apart, her finger skillfully massaging the 
pulsating center of her sexual delight.  She had just been fucked by three 
men and this new experience had aroused an unquenchable sexuality in her.  
Pressing her knees into the bed she raised her buttocks slightly so that 
she could manipulate her clitoris more easily with two fingers.  She heard 
the door open and the slurping of beer as four pairs of eyes peered at her 
private performance.  She didn't see the four naked cocks pointing towards 
her: she was too absorbed with the glorious feeling of darting pleasure 
coursing through her.  She came quickly to a climax, hanging back 
deliciously as she momentarily teetered on the edge of release, then 
rubbing vigorously to bring the white hot juices streaming yet again 
through her scarlet slit.
     Billy got to her first, and he shoved his tongue hard into that 
inviting crevice, sucking at her juices as she moaned deliriously in the 
throes of orgasm.  Before she was completely finished he threw himself 
over her lovely long olive-skinned back and jammed his stiff cock into her 
warm, pulsating cunt.  The others laughed drunkenly when she rolled 
swiftly over, throwing Billy onto the floor.  He was about to give her a 
backhander when Hugh stopped him,
     "Careful mate.  Let the bitches have a rest.  Time we got stuck into 
a few frosty cans of beer," he said.  Linda was staggering across the 
living room, mumbling that she wanted to go to the bathroom.  He steered 
her towards it and ushered his buddies into the living room.
     He mixed two large vodkas and Coke, took them to Jenny, setting them 
on the bedside table, then settled down to a bout of steady drinking.  
When Linda staggered back from the bathroom they stopped talking to watch 
the luscious blonde nymphet go into Jenny's room, shutting the door behind 
her.  They heard the creak of the bed as she sank exhaustedly down beside 
the lesbian, their arms entwined around each other, their bruised lips 
gently touching.



Chapter 9

     What the boys were talking about would have shocked Jenny and 
terrified Linda.  At first they joked about having to tie up Sludge-Pump 
and what great fucks the girls were, what tight cunts they had, and what 
sluts they were when the two were together.  They supposed they had their 
tongues stuck up each other's cunts right now.
     "As long as they're keeping their pussies nice and juicy I don't care 
a bugger what they do," drooled Billy.  "I'm gonna have that little blonde 
again by Christ," he added.  "She's the horniest bird I've ever known.  
She never stopped cummin' ... guess I brought her on."  He looked at the 
others with a smug grin on his face.
     "Me next with the blonde," said Tiger defiantly.
     A cunning leer spread over the heavy unshaven face of Sludge-Pump.  
"Yeah," he said.  "You and me haven't had her yet.  It's our turn next.  
Hugh can fuck his cousin and Billy can have her mouth.  I reckon that's 
fair."
     "There's plenty for everybody.  Don't rush.  You can all have them as 
often as you like." Hugh leaned forward menacingly towards Jim Yates.  
"But next time, I'm havin' the blonde again before she's split open for 
good."
     "That's four of us wants Miss Lolita," Billy said.  "Looks like we 
should toss for her."
     "Anyway," said Tiger, "four into two don't go.  Or does it?"
     "Why not?" laughed Hugh.  "Each one of them's got three fuck holes 
and we've only got one tool each.  That makes it four into six!"
     Roaring with laughter they opened more cans while one of them put on 
another record.  Then they got down to business.
     "We can make a bundle out of the Yankee bird," announced Hugh.
     "And out of Jenny, too," suggested Tiger, looking at the others to 
support him.  Hugh shook his head, so they shook their heads.  No hawking 
his cousin.  Besides, Hugh informed them, she had to go to Melbourne 
tomorrow to have her picture taken for a women's magazine.
     "That's why we can do business in this flat.  Linda's parents think 
she's in Brisbane, the club's full of horny bastards like us and nobody'll 
be any wiser.  Not that there ain't plenty of birds about beggin' for it 
and givin' it away ..."  He stopped talking to listen; he thought he could 
hear a strange buzzing sound coming from the bedroom.  Must be me ears, he 
said to himself.
     "Yeah," Tiger broke in.  "There's plenty of bitches about but Jesus a 
lot of blokes like to have it readily available, close to the beach, like.  
An' how many of them have had a terrific Yankee doll of fifteen?"
     "Everybody likes a change," laughed Billy.  "I reckon you could get 
up to fifty dollars a time for her if you had the patience to wait."
     "We don't have the time.  She'll only be in Sydney for another week


From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:48:10 1996
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!in2.uu.net!news.ios.com!ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net!user
From: grobert@soho.ios.com (TheEditor)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: WkEnCptv 7/8  "The Weekend Captive"
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 13:04:31 -0700
Organization: Internet Online Services
Lines: 487
Message-ID: <grobert-2006961304320001@ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net

or so, and we'll have to get her back safe and sound a couple of days at 
least before she has to go back to the States.  We've got to play this 
safe.  I don't want to get Jenny into any strife over her, and I'm bloody 
sure I don't want the cops sniffing around."  Hugh was just as greedy for 
dollars as the others.  They were all short of money because what they 
earned went to the breweries as soon as they were paid.  Making it this 
easy way with free fucks on the side was something each one of them had 
always dreamed about.
     "Sounds like a workin' holiday," said Tiger, cocking an ear towards 
the door.  "That's funny.  I thought I heard somethin' buzzin' in there."  
He looked quizzically at the others.  "Any of you hear it?"
     "Yeah, I did," said Billy.
     "Me too," said Hugh.  "I'll just take a look at the beautiful bodies 
and see what's goin' on."  The music drowned the sound of the door opening 
but not the sound of buzzing, louder now that the door was open.  Hugh 
closed the door softly, a lewd smirk on his face.
     "Jesus!  Do you know what me cousin's doin'?" he gasped, choking to 
stop himself from laughing out loud.  "She's got one of them vibrator 
things shaped like a cock and she's got it buzzin' up the Princess's cunt.  
And she's lovin' it.  Jesus, I ain't never seen anythin' like it!  Jenny's 
fuckin' her with a plastic cock!"
     They were drunk enough to laugh at anything and this news had them 
rolling about the floor.
     "Right-o, calm down you mad bastards." Hugh whispered hoarsely.  
"Play another record Billy to stop them hearin' us.  Before we get too 
stoned, let's fix the price.  And no fuckin' cheatin' any of you.  I say 
twenty dollars a fuck.  And seein' how she's my find and it's in my 
apartment and I take the biggest risk, I take ten dollars and you split 
the rest between you.  Any argument?" he asked, leaning back and cooling 
his cock on the side of the cold can of beer in his hands.
     "No argument, mate," Tiger said, answering for the others.  "But if 
we get more than twenty dollars we three split the extra.  OK?"
     "Fair enough," Hugh admitted.  "All I want is ten bucks a fuck."
     They lifted cans of beer and toasted the deal.  The others wanted to 
open the door to look lasciviously at the plastic vibrator that inspired 
such sounds of moaning from the bedroom, but they were easily persuaded by 
Hugh to stick to the beer for awhile.  They all needed a rest, he said.  
"Something to eat, too." said Billy.
     "There's some brownies left in the kitchen.  We'll eat them, the hash 
might give us a little boost," Hugh said, noticing that Tiger was 
beginning to doze-off in his chair.
     "Hey, Tiger," he called.  "We're flippin' a coin to see who gets up 
who next."  He first of all tossed for partners and he got Sludge-Pump 
Yates, leaving Billy and Tiger in partnership.  The next toss was for the 
blonde.  "Heads or tails?" he called; Billy called, "Tails," and the coin 
fell down showing the head.
     "She's ours," gloated Sludge-Pump.  "We've won the little blonde."
     "Right," said Hugh.  "She will be surprised.  So will Jenny when she 
finds she gets Tiger again and Billy as a bonus.  Don't knock her about, 
you two.  Remember she's flying down to Melbourne tomorrow on a modeling 
job."
     "What we do won't show.  Front or back.  When do we start?  I think 
my partner's liable to cave in unless we get cracking soon."  Billy could 
see Tiger's eyes dropping with sleep and the effects of drinking countless 
beers at the club.
     "Another round of beers first.  Give the Princess time to get to work 
on Jenny with the vibrator.  Put on another record, Billy, something with 
a good beat to it."  He got up himself to stack the refrigerator with more 
cans of beer and bring cold ones back to the living room.  Although it was 
about four in the morning, the heat was stifling.  There were few traffic 
sounds in the street.  Occasional dull rolls of thunder announced a coming 
storm, a "southerly buster" that often blew up along the coast in summer.  
The breakers were thumping down louder, their sound stronger now the 
traffic was quieter.
     They ate the remaining brownies but the baked hash inside them had 
little effect on Billy who fell asleep with a cigarette burning a hole in 
his armchair.  Hugh poured beer on the cigarette and the burned hole, then 
he went to the couch to stretch out.  Jim and Tiger hoped he would pass 
out as well so they could have the two girls to themselves.
     The more Tiger thought of this in his drunkenly cunning mind, the 
more he liked the idea.  After awhile, on the pretext of going to the 
bathroom, he ambled towards the bedroom door and just as he was about to 
pass it he pushed it open, went inside, slammed the door and locked it.  
The two girls yelled with surprise and covered their faces to protect 
themselves from Tiger's mad leap into the bed between them, knocking the 
little phallic vibrator to the floor.  He wanted the blonde and in his 
efforts to concentrate on pushing her legs apart Jenny was quickly able to 
break from his grip and unlock the door.
     There was enough noise to wake the dead, but not Billy.  Jim was 
first in when the door was unlocked, his thickly muscled arm going around 
Linda's waist to drag her forcibly from Tiger's drunken clutches.  Jim 
found the girl less trouble than he expected: She appeared dazed, though 
she was still able to manage to call in a pathetically weak voice for 
Jenny and Hugh to help her.
     Partly sobered by the commotion, Hugh saw that a fight was brewing, 
an all-out brawl that might have the neighbors calling the cops.  The four 
had tossed fair and square for the next fuck.  Billy was passed out in his 
chair, gone for the night, Tiger had his luck of the toss in the bedroom, 
and Sludgie and himself had theirs.  He allowed him to hold onto the 
squirming nymphet while he reached into the bedroom to take the door key.
     "Goodnight Tiger.  Goodnight Jenny.  We'll leave you two love birds 
alone until breakfast time," he said, pulling the door shut and locking it 
before his cousin could prevent him.  Hugh stood listening through the 
door and heard her shout at him what a low creature he was, and she said 
to Tiger, "I'm too bloody weak to resist."
     Turning to Jim to ask him to carry the girl to the couch, he was 
startled to see his partner's hand gripped tightly over the struggling 
girl's mouth as he bent behind her, trying to stuff his great pole between 
her quivering ass-cheeks.
     "Do ya want another fist in ya face, ya great baboon?" he demanded, 
dragging Linda away from him.  "Don't ya know how to treat a Princess?"  
Christ the girl's limp, he thought, must have overdone the vodkas.  What 
she needs is a hot meat injection.  His crude humor caused him to laugh as 
he picked Linda up and carried the semiconscious girl to the couch where 
he sat with her in his arms, nibbling at her nipples and feeling her soft 
pussy.
     "What about me?"  Sludge-Pump glared across the room, his monstrous 
cock and gross hairy body in the dimly lit room giving him the appearance 
of a caricatured Neanderthal man.
     "I'm warmin' her up for us both," Hugh said, feeling a reaction to 
his finger in her cunt, noticing her legs beginning to move slowly apart 
to help his finger.  She let her head droop forward so that he could kiss 
her.  She didn't resist.  He kissed her hard on the mouth which sensuously 
opened for his tongue with the same slowness as her legs opened for his 
finger.  For some time his penis had been slack, but now it suddenly shot 
out between his legs.  He had to ease Linda back against him, her hips and 
waist pushing sluttishly, squeezing his cock hard against his belly.  He 
felt dribbles of lubricating fluid wetting down to his navel.  Her warm 
pussy was coming to life, exuding its own juices to welcome the fleshy 
horn.
     "Did ya like Jenny fuckin' ya with her vibrator?" he asked her 
lasciviously.
     She nodded stupidly, seeking his mouth again.
     "Do ya want me to fuck ya with me cock?"  He had to push her away to 
get her lips off his to ask her.  She nodded again, mumbling "Yes."  She 
was rubbing her side against his stiff member.  He told her to kiss it.  
She lowered her head obediently, still writhing against his finger, opened 
her mouth and took the swollen, dribbling head succulently into her mouth 
as though sucking a particularly large ripe plum.
     Sludge-Pump stood looking ravenously down at her.  "I'll tell ya 
what," he said slyly, "I'll lift her onto ya, Hugh."
     With a nod from Hugh he lifted her up by the waist, the ravishing 
young body bending listlessly like a rag doll, Hugh holding her at her 
armpits.  The beefy life saver placed an arm underneath her golden brown 
belly, bent her knees forward with his other arm and lowered her down, her 
vaginal lips spread wide apart.  Stretching out on his back, Hugh lifted 
his pelvis so that his cunt-seeking cock-head met the descending vaginal 
lips held apart by Jim.
     Carefully lowering her jackknifed body down, Jim leered evilly.  He 
had her tender, tight little brown anus right in front of his eyes.  
Christ! he said to himself, if I can get the old Sludge-Pump in there 
it'll be a miracle ... but by Christ I'm gonna get it in if I have to 
drill a new hole ...  I'll teach the horny slut to ever smack me across 
the face.  His coarse, simple mind still held a grudge against the girl, 
not only for striking him on the nose: She had treated him like dirt.  In 
this case, he laughed lewdly to himself, revenge will be sweet!
     With her legs doubled up he lowered Linda's warmly greedy cunt all 
the way down and felt the girl's waist muscles flexing as she began to 
ride up and down on the shaft.  He could barely wait to rape the 
temptingly beautiful anus.  Normally he didn't care one way or another 
about bun-fucking, but Jesus! he thought, no one could resist the 
tantalizing sight of the perfect roundness of this girl's buttocks.  The 
completely hairless crack exposing a daintily puckered hole with its pink 
center rising and falling.  His desire was further aggravated by the sight 
of her pink juicy cunt moving slowly and sensuously up and down Hugh's 
horny cock.
     Moistening his fingers with the flowing lubricating juices exuding 
from her pussy, he wiped some on his great bull-cock, rubbed his fingers 
against the puffed lips of her cunt once more, and drew his hand up her 
anal crack.  He repeated the action several times, letting her get used to 
it, lingering over it, as he hungrily stared at the tantalizing little 
hole that made his mouth drool.
     Resisting a temptation to sink his teeth into the sleek flesh of her 
ass-cheeks, he tested the anal opening tentatively with the tip of his 
finger, slippery from the sticky wetness.  She cringed away from it, 
forcing him to grip her bent waist with his left hand before again 
probing, this time more forcibly, with his finger.  It went half an inch 
into the tightly flexed little asshole; he pushed in a further inch, 
gripping her tight.  She tried to complain in a mewly voice to Hugh who 
clamped her mouth tight against his own.  He knew what old Sludgie was 
doing, and she was going to get it whether she liked it or not.  She was 
beginning to relax the tight sphincter muscles to allow his finger further 
penetration, grinding around to feel more cock and more finger.
     Jim shoved his finger another half-inch in and held her tight.  This 
time she yelped loudly.  Hugh pulled her chest down tight on his, crushing 
her small moon breasts against his sweating mat of hair.  Gradually she 
accepted the presence of the finger.  Drugged, narcotically and sexually, 
her body was making decisions for her: Whatever her body demanded she 
accepted, like an automaton geared to a dynamo.  She dimly believed at 
first it was the sharp tip of a tongue going into her anus: She had 
enjoyed that.  Was it a cock?  Was it Billy trying to fuck her from 
behind?  It felt better now as it revolved inside her.
     Her anus was accepting it, enlarging strangely, perversely to the 
extraneous erotic action so much so that Jim had little trouble inserting 
two fingers into the grinding buttocks.  He brought up more slippery cunt 
juices to work the hole into a slimy receptacle, working carefully and 
persistently wider and deeper.  Drugged as she was, the muscles of her 
buttocks and stomach were coming to life, a frantic sex urge coursing 
throughout her body, her nervous system awakening to the prospect of 
astounding satisfaction.  Her cunt was alive with want, her rectum, too.  
She pushed her tongue deep into Hugh's mouth.
     "Fuck me, fuck me!"  She lifted her mouth to moan the words then 
buried her mouth back hard against Hugh's watering mouth.
     "I'll fuck you all right, you little bitch," grunted Jim, unable to 
wait a moment longer.
     Drawing her ass-cheeks wide apart, he leered at the pulsating pink 
hole begging to be penetrated.  He was going to shove his long, thick 
cudgel all the way up into that virginal orifice and make her beg for 
mercy.  This would be the Yankee Princess's ultimate humiliation and 
degradation.  After this, the whoring of her would be only an anti-climax.  
Harshly gripping her hips to steady her and using his thumbs to hold wide 
the soft flesh of her ass-cheeks, he brutally jammed the purple-red head 
of his oversized cock into the wet anus.
     "Aaaaaahhhhhh!  No, no, no, oh please don't.  Nooooooo!" she 
screeched, jerking her head in the air and shooting her body forward.  The 
pain was excruciating.  Hugh grasped her harder, at the same time lifting 
his buttocks to shove his rod deeply into her, while Jim's Sludge-Pump 
forced itself in a few more agonizing inches.
     Another scream was stifled by Hugh pulling her face down into his 
neck.  She attempted to bite him until he threatened to knock all her 
teeth out.
     "Hold her still at your end," he said to Jim.  "I've got her tamed up 
here."
     The blunt intrusion of his lunging cock felt as if her rectum was 
being split wide open.  Mercifully it was still for the moment, though 
every fiber of her being resisted as she felt the hard rubbery flesh 
slowly begin to move back and forth, sending waves of pain inside her 
widely stretched anal passage.
     "Aaaaahhhhggggg!" she screamed again as the grotesquely abnormal 
member drove right up into her.  The coarse pubic hair of the man behind 
her rasped against the softness of her ass-cheeks.  Oh my God, she 
thought.  It must be that monster they call Sludge-Pump.  How could there 
be room inside me for Hugh's huge cock and this other gigantic 
monstrosity?
     Both men gasped with sadistic, lascivious pleasure as they began 
fucking away at her.  They could each feel the presence of each other's 
cock inside the young girl's belly.  She had collapsed down on Hugh, all 
resistance gone except for constant moans of anguish issuing from her 
slack, saliva-wet mouth.  Jim had levered himself high on his knees in 
order to manipulate her buttocks by his firm grip on her waist, plunging 
the full length of his punishing weapon into her with long flesh-tearing 
strokes.  His control of her buttocks worked as an aid to Hugh lying flat 
on his back and jerking up with his pelvis to shove as deeply as he could 
in time with the movement.  There was an added erotic excitement in having 
them both fuck her at the same time.  Should have old Billy here to fuck 
her mouth ... the drunken bastard doesn't know what he's missing, he 
thought.  And Tiger's with Jenny ... up her ass, too, I'll bet.
     He was right about Tiger.  There was no argument in the bedroom.  
They lay sideways on the bed, his hands fondling her breasts and his ass-
loving tool was stuck hard between her small firm buttocks.  She too was 
having something extra.  The battery operated vibrator was buzzing in her 
cunt, its vibrations being felt by Billy's deeply embedded cock.  She had 
already cum several times, and she intended to keep on achieving orgasms 
until she either passed out or her pussy could take no more.  Her record 
for self-induced orgasms was fifteen in a row.  Tonight she felt she could 
easily break that figure, especially if Billy kept up that nice easy 
rhythm of fucking into her asshole.  She never thought she'd enjoy having 
a cock up there: She must teach Hugh how to do it.  Let Linda scream her 
head off, she selfishly decided.  I can't stop now for anyone ... anyway, 
Hugh will look after her ... he wants her for himself; the selfish 
bastard.
     With her leg thrown back over Tiger's so that her cunt was nicely 
opened, she moaned into another orgasm.  Eight! she counted to herself, 
her eyes closed in ecstasy.
     Linda was well and truly being looked after ... sexually.  Sludge-
Pump drooled over her back, his saliva dribbling down on her narrow 
shoulders that jerked forward with each lunge of his rampaging shaft into 
her tender anal passage, tripping her servile kneeling body between the 
skewering cocks.  She was hopelessly pinned by them both in that bent 
position like a harem slave between two husky masters.  In spite of the 
pain in her anus, the arousal of her inflamed clitoris encouraged her anal 
muscles to expand to an unbelievable degree to accept the rape of her rear 
hole.  Jim was groaning that it was too tight and too wonderful.  "I can't 
stand it!" he muttered lifting his head in reaction to the thrill of the 
warm clasping flesh enveloping the huge cock that had brought him so much 
comment from his teasing friend.  "Jesus, she likes it now!" he thought, 
amazed that the tiny brown circle and its little pink hole could expand so 
much that he could slide all the way through and deep up into her.  His 
whole monstrously throbbing rod as thick as a man's wrist was thrusting 
into her right up to the hilt.  He felt his balls slap wetly down onto the 
cock and balls fucking upwards beneath him.  No need to worry about her 
bolting now!
     She was moving backwards to meet each forward thrust into her 
buttocks and grinding down to take the thrusts up into her cunt.  She 
undulated, swinging her pelvis and buttocks in small rotating circles: 
Clasping one rod tightly with a slight throb of her rectum as it withdrew 
on the back stroke, opening to take it on the in stroke; cunt-gripping the 
other rod sliding so hot and satisfyingly past her clitoris into the 
molten depths of her vagina.  Doubly impaled through her two holes so 
close together that the only part of her lower body she could move was her 
hips and buttocks and these she moved like a female demon, sweating as she 
rode up and down with a rotating movement that was bringing both their 
pulsating members toward a simultaneously gushing explosion.
     Hugh felt her head begin to thrash from side to side.  He lifted it 
so that he could suck at her slack mouth, tonguing and biting at her lower 
lip.  He could see from her glazed eyes that she hungered for satisfaction 
in her buttocks as well as her cunt.  Her body bucking and churning now as 
the fires of mounting lust enlivened her, he sensed that she was drawing 
to a climax, bringing his inflated cock to an even more excited state.  
Her cunt was pleading for more, and he shoved hard up to satisfy it, 
feeling the nearness of Sludgie's weapon pistoning faster and faster, 
Hugh's balls awash with the juices flowing from her cunt.  The girl was 
moaning as though in a trance as both cocks rammed rapidly into her, hard 
and deep.
     It was too much for Hugh.  He couldn't contain himself any longer and 
with one mighty upward thrust his penis-head's slit opened to gush out his 
cum hotly against her cervix.  Wildly he yelled his completion as her body 
thumped down on him, tossed by a mighty thrust from Jim's great pole.
     "More, Hugh, more.  Keep fucking my cunt," he heard her begging him, 
trying to balance the mad, excruciating cuntal and anal excitement filling 
her body with a lust she didn't believe possible.  But Hugh was finished.  
He had drained his balls, and his cock sucked slowly back out of the wetly 
voracious vagina.  He was also suddenly conscious of the weight of both 
the girl and of Jim leaning over her back.  He eased himself from beneath 
them, staggered to the bathroom and then went to the bedroom to collapse 
on the other side of Jenny.
     Tiger was sound asleep but Jenny was lying, legs wide apart, her hand 
gripping the end of the vibrator buzzing deep inside her.
     "Turn that thing off," he said, lying on his back.  "I want some 
sleep."
     "Just one more, Hugh.  I'm having number twenty.  Oh, oh, oh ... 
aaaaggghhhh."  With a final satisfied moan she switched off the vibrator 
and turned towards him, lifting a long leg over his and nestling up, her 
breasts against his side.
     "Wake me at ten," she sighed.  "Have to go to Melbourne tomorrow.  Is 
Linda all right?"
     "Having the time of her life," he yawned.
     And it was true; the blonde teenage girl was enjoying her ass-fuck as 
much as she had the cunt-fuck.  She was lying flat on her stomach, now, 
legs apart, with her hand underneath so that she could finger her clitoris 
while Jim rammed into her fully distended anal passage.  She quickly 
brought herself to orgasm with her fingers, as Jim could tell by the 
increasing loudness of her groaning.  She had wanted to reach this long 
drawn-out climax with them both in her, and now that her cunt was emptied 
of stiff flesh some of the pleasure she'd received from her rear hole was 
diminishing.  As she started to cum the threatening storm broke outside, 
thunder crashing after lightning flashes heavy rain pelting against the 
window panes.
     "Aaaaahhhhhh!" she groaned in a perverse mixture of pain and 
pleasure, cumming while he thrust and slapped his big sac against the 
fingers in her cunt giving their last caress to her clitoris.  
"Aaaaggggghhhh!"  This half-groan, half-scream was a reaction to the 
finality of her own desires and the agony of the giant tormenting staff 
swelling even larger as it was about to blow.  It was stretching the 
muscles of her anus beyond belief.  Yet with masochistic pleasure and 
uncontrollable desire her buttocks ground back against his sweating 
pelvis, thick with wet pubic hairs.  The whole length of her crack felt 
hot and painful, the heat inside her anal depths searing with increasing 
pain.
     Lifting her waist up as his member swelled for the final thrust, 
Sludge-Pump was gasping out incoherent obscenities in a spluttering groan.  
He flung himself forward with a mighty shove that almost tore through the 
walls of her quivering rectum, and with an enormous shudder, he shot his 
hotly thick cum in spurting wave after wave into the depths of her rectal 
cavern.  She was transfixed, bent in front of him, buttocks swaying 
against his weight, then in an instinctive reaction to his orgasm, she 
pressed tight back against his hairy loins as he poured his sperm far up 
her anal passage, filling her until she felt her belly swelling with it.
     He collapsed grunting over her back, pressing her deeply into the 
couch.  She was barely conscious when he began to withdraw the frightful 
length of his satiated flesh, looking down to see the inflamed head emerge 
with a wet sucking sound, the pink insides of her anus showing clearly as 
the opening puckered out when the puffed head of his member withdrew.  
There was sufficient consciousness remaining in her to know that she was 
now totally debauched, lower than the whores she had previously despised.  
As she blacked out into merciful oblivion she thought that there was 
nothing more they could do to her now.  She would let them fuck her.  She 
would suck them off.  Her body wanted it, now.
     Jim Yates stood by the couch staring stupidly down at the most 
beautiful girl he'd ever fucked.  I don't want to fuck her cunt while 
she's unconscious, he thought.  Plenty of time tomorrow.  He dressed 
carelessly and staggered out of the apartment, drunkenly tripping over 
Jenny's hi-fi set on the floor.  Cursing, he lurched out into the night 
and swayed along the promenade to his seedy hotel.



Chapter 10

     No one stirred until noon.  Billy awakened first and rose stiffly 
from the chair he had slept in; he went to the kitchen where he opened the 
inevitable cold can of beer and found a cigarette.  He didn't see Linda's 
nude form on the couch until he returned to the living room, searching for 
his shorts.  What I need is a quick run into the sea, he decided, to give 
me an appetite for breakfast.  However, seeing the young girl innocently 
sleeping and no one else around brought his cock rising up, his balls 
tightening.  He lit the cigarette and crept over to Linda's still body but 
stopped short as he noticed the smashed record player.
     I wonder who broke it, he mused, taking a long swig at his beer.  
Wouldn't be Hugh or Tiger, and certainly not Jenny must have been bloody 
old Sludgie!  Where in the fuckin' hell is everybody?  Opening the bedroom 
door he found Hugh and Tiger asleep, their arms crossed over Jenny.
     He wakened them, brought cold beers and told them of finding the 
wreckage that had once been a record player.  Jenny quickly tumbled out of 
bed to view the damage, giving a kissing suck to Hugh's cock in the nerve-
tingling section just below the head as she went.  I'm turned on to men's 
cocks now! she told Hugh merrily, although she avoided Billy's pass as she 
rushed out to waken Linda.  However, her good humor evaporated at the 
sight of the wrecked record player she was furious.  Irritably she shook 
Linda into consciousness, led her to the bathroom and went back to 
question the life savers sitting on the bed having their first beer of the 
day.  She soon discovered that Sludge-Pump Yates was the last one fucking 
Linda: it was him all right, the others agreed.
     "Right, that does it!  Yates is banned from this apartment.  And 
another thing," she yelled, furious that she had slept in, that she had to 
catch the two-thirty plane to Melbourne and that she would be away until 
the following Sunday, therefore missing out on some pleasant orgies with 
the nymphet and Hugh.  "When I return I want to see a brand new player."
     "We'll all chip in to buy you a new one just as good as the old," 
Hugh said, winking at his hungover buddies.  "Do you agree to that?"
     "Sure thing, Hugh," they chorused.  Billy added that they would get 
half the money out of Jim Yates who, he said to Jenny, was about to make 
some money in a deal in which they were all involved ... not much, but 
they could certainly afford to buy a record player.  It would only cost 
about a hundred dollars.
     Jenny distrusted them, knowing that money went through their pockets 
as fast as beer went down their throats.  Anyway, she was in too much of a 
hurry to think about anything except packing and catching a taxi to 
Kingsford Smith airport.  She stopped Billy heading for the bathroom and 
went there herself to join Linda under the shower.  She had to break the 
news that she was going to Melbourne for a series of pictures for a 
magazine.  Lying, to make the girl feel happier, she said that she'd 
probably return that evening.
     Jenny was mystified at Linda's reaction.  The girl seemed to be quite 
apathetic at the idea of being left alone with Hugh, whom Jenny knew 
couldn't be trusted, and with Billy and Tiger who would fuck any hole with 
hair around it.  They stood close together under the shower, their hair 
dripping.  Jenny wondered if perhaps the pot had damaged the kid's brain.  
'Course it couldn't, she reasoned to herself.  Just a normal amount and 
not strong stuff anyway.  She drew Linda to her, pressing their wet bodies 
together.
     "What's wrong, my lovely pet?  Do you feel sick?"  Jenny thought that 
perhaps she should stay, but breaking a contract could cause loss of work 
later.
     Linda threw her arms around Jenny's waist, pulling her tighter so 
that their pubic mounds pressed close together.
     "I've become a fucking machine, Jenny.  I ... I just want to be 
fucked.  I love you and I want to be fucked ...  Jim Yates fucked my 
bottom last night, and I liked it.  I like Hugh to fuck me.  I want to 
lick your cunt, Jenny ...  I'm a fucking machine ..."  She burst into 
hysterical laughter which turned to loud sobs and Jenny led her out of the 
shower recess to rub her dry with a large towel.
     Jenny had never before been faced with this kind of situation.  The 
whole thing had begun as a lark.  She had a damned hangover, her mouth 
tasted like the bottom of a parrot's cage and she was developing a 
migraine headache.  And she had that important job to do.
     "Look baby, I love you too and when I get back tonight we can have 
more fun and games.  You can lick my cunt as long as you want.  It's just 
that you're experiencing sex for the first time.  All girls like it.  So 
while I'm away just let yourself relax and enjoy it.  I only wish I could 
stay.  I like it, too ..."
     "But don't you see?" the young girl wept as Jenny rubbed her long 
blonde hair with the towel.  "I'm so awfully ashamed of myself.  I wanted 
to marry Tom, my boyfriend.  I wanted to save it all up for when we were 
married.  Now I'm craving for cock!"  She burst into sobs that shook her 
body.  "I want to fuck and fuck ..."
     She must still be high, Jenny thought.  She's still tripping on those 
brownies.  She plugged in an electric hair dryer to dry her own hair and 
finish drying Linda's hair.  Linda's emotional outburst calmed under the 
administration of the hot air blowing through her hair and Jenny's 
caressing hand on her shoulders.  When they were dry, Jenny put her arm 
around the adolescent blonde girl and led her back to the bedroom.  She 
changed the sheets, made up the bed and forced Linda to lie back with her 
head nestling in a pillow while she busied herself with packing and 
dressing for the flight.  She couldn't help looking at the delightful body 
stretched full length on the bed and the hand carelessly cupped over the 
golden-fringed pussy.  Her fresh panties were already moistening from an 
excitement stirring in her own pussy.  She swore as she looked at her 
watch.  No time for it, no time even to have one last greedy lick at that 
temptingly delicate creature.  At last, with everything packed, she leaned 
over the foot of the bed, parted Linda's pretty pink vaginal lips and 
kissed her suckingly on the clitoris.
     "Goodbye my sweet darling.  I'll think of you all the way to 
Melbourne."
     Linda moaned, "Oh, don't go now.  I want you, oh God, I want you, 
Jenny."
     "No, darling, I must go."  And Jenny went out of the room, leaving 
the door ajar.  Hugh was alone in the living room.  "Where are the 
others?"  Jenny hoped for a moment that they may have gone back to 
Brisbane.
     "They've got some business to attend to in the city," Hugh lied.  
"Gotta earn some bread to pay for the record player.  When will ya be 
back, Jenny?"
     "Tonight," she said loudly so that Linda could hear, and in a whisper 
added, "Sunday at the latest.  I want to see Linda again before she leaves 
Australia.  Look after her, Hugh, and keep those ruffians away from here.  
I don't want the apartment wrecked."  She offered him her lips and they 
kissed passionately.
     At the front door he kissed her again.  "I'm glad you're not all 
dyke," he said good-humoredly.  "I think we're goin' to have more good 
times together.  Perhaps it was those hash cookies you made that made the 
party go with a bang."
     Jenny smiled as he shut the door behind her, and she went out into 
the blazing sunlight to catch a taxi, little realizing what a devastating 
effect Hugh's last remark could have on the poor innocent girl listening 
in the bedroom.
     When Hugh looked in she was frenziedly throwing clothes about looking


From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:48:26 1996
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!in2.uu.net!news.ios.com!ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net!user
From: grobert@soho.ios.com (TheEditor)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: WkEnCptv 8/8  "The Weekend Captive"
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 13:04:51 -0700
Organization: Internet Online Services
Lines: 363
Message-ID: <grobert-2006961304510001@ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ppp-9.ts-3.la.idt.net

for her dress.  "What's up, Princess?  Looking for something?"  he asked.  
His shorts were bulging with a growing erection brought on by Jenny's 
farewell kisses and implied promises for the future.
     "I'm getting dressed.  I'm going home.  I don't want to see you or 
Jenny ever again," she flung at him.  "Get out!"  She tried feebly to hit 
him and began to weep hysterically.  "She drugged me, didn't she?  She 
drugged me with hashish."
     "Cool it, babe.  She had some, too ... didn't effect her.  Anyway, it 
was just a little something to make the party swing."  He pushed her away 
and she sat on the bed, her pretty pointed breasts heaving as she held her 
head in her hands, sobbing.  Jenny had deceived her.  She hadn't given her 
the photo.  If it was true that a little pot didn't effect Jenny then 
perhaps it wasn't that; perhaps it was because she really enjoyed what had 
happened.  She was no different from other girls who made love to any man 
who came along.  Her desperate mood gradually subsided.  Looking 
surreptitiously at Hugh's bulging shorts, the sex urge swelled up in her.  
That's what she wanted: a hot throbbing cock.  To hell with Jenny and her 
vibrator.  She wanted that fleshy member Hugh was releasing as he undid 
his shorts.  But first of all she wanted something to eat.
     "I'm starving.  Get me some food," she demanded, her voice flat and 
lifeless.
     " Sure thing, Princess," he said good-naturedly.  "Lie back and wait 
for it.  Orange juice and ham and eggs coming up.  I think you're going to 
earn your keep."
     "I'll try," she replied, staring vacantly at his broad shoulders and 
naked buttocks as he strolled out to the kitchen.

*    *    *

     The first acquaintance Tiger Kelly met when he walked into the Surf 
Club after a swim was Ginger Meggs, a redheaded owner of a fleet of taxis.
     "Hear you've got a nice bit of juvenile fluff on the market, Tiger."
     "Yeah.  Who told you?"
     "Bumped into your friend Jim Yates on the promenade.  Said she was a 
fifteen year old blonde from the States.  He mentioned something about a 
hundred dollars for a quickie.  Must be mad.  What's the real price, 
Tiger?"
     "Sixty dollars but bein' a member of the club she's yours for fifty."
     "Make it forty and I'll buy it, sight unseen."
     "Jesus, if you saw what a little raver she is you'd want to pay a 
hundred!" Tiger exclaimed, thinking what a good start he was making.  
"Beautiful as a film star.  Lovely tits, not too small, best ass I've ever 
seen.  And just broken in."  He looked at his watch.  "I think she'll be 
free by three o'clock.  Sludge ... er ... I mean Jim Yates is on his way 
there right now, I reckon, to help Hugh control the crowds."
     "Right," agreed Ginger Meggs.  "Who do I pay?"
     "Give me thirty deposit and the other ten to Hugh Watson when you go 
into the flat."  He gave Ginger the address.
     Jim Yates had already taken a customer to the flat.  There was no 
need to search for trade beyond the club despite the fact that it was a 
Tuesday, for numerous associate members flocked to Sydney's beach clubs 
from Interstate and up country, and on hot days salesmen, rich 
businessmen, off-duty policemen and others from all walks of life headed 
for the beaches during a heat wave.
     Without bothering to go into details with Hugh, the other three 
Brisbane life savers made their own arrangements about profit sharing.  
Two or three fucks would buy a nice new record player for Jenny ... had to 
keep her happy for future visits to Sydney.  They decided that two should 
canvas the club for trade, taking turns to go up to the apartment to help 
Hugh: some of these horny bastards were liable to have their fuck and then 
ask for their money back with the threat of their fists.  There was to be 
no queuing ... didn't want to get the neighbors suspicious.  Two in at a 
time.  One in the bedroom, one having a free beer while he waited in the 
living room.  All afternoon Tiger and Billy slyly let the word drop that a 
gorgeous young bird was available in a private flat.  Not a hippy, nor a 
whore, but a sweet middle-class kid who was doing it for fun.  The money 
was for the flat  very expensive.  Anyone interested had five days and 
nights in which to make up his mind.  For the first three days they would 
keep the price at forty to fifty dollars, if the market could stand it, 
then lower the price every day down to twenty dollars.  Anyone wanting two 
goes at her in one day got a reduction to thirty per.  There were 
exceptions:
     "Ever heard of Sergeant Wright?" Billy asked, leaning against the bar 
with Tiger, sinking large frothy "schooners" of beer.
     "Sure, everybody's heard of him.  One of the demons from the Vice 
Squad, ain't he?"
     "Yeah.  The bastard.  Someone pimped about Princess Linda and he 
comes up to me an' says, 'Hear you've got some imported goods for sale, 
Mister Sutton."
     "First I've heard of it, Sergeant, I told him."
     "'Don't get shy,' he says.  'Just put my name down for a special sale 
price, will you?  I'm off duty tonight at eleven.  I'll be there at 
midnight. I know where it is.  Here's ten dollars'."
     "Jesus, what could I do?  So I says OK mate, but just for you, not 
the whole bloody squad."
     "'No, just me.  I'm the only one of us who knows the address so 
far'."
     Tiger interrupted Billy's story of the encounter with the 
plainclothes policeman from the notorious Vice Squad who were said to make 
more out of Sydney's brothels than the girls did themselves.  "At least we 
didn't have to bribe the bastard.  Wonder how he heard about Linda and 
where he got the address.  As far as I know there have only been six 
blokes go to the apartment so far."
     "There's always some pimp about.  All we can hope for now is that no 
one else from the fuckin' Vice Squad hears about it.  When you go up 
there, Billy, warn Hugh not to ask for any more money when Sergeant Wright 
turns up and tell him to give him all the booze he asks for.  Hugh gets 
his ten bucks while we get the sweet fuckup."
     A new record player had already been chosen, paid for and delivered.  
They all thought a little music would help provide a suitable atmosphere.
     Tiger felt in his pocket the first few crisp ten-dollar bills made so 
easily in a couple of hours.  They would all go back to Brisbane much 
richer than when they left.  Tiger was not very bright but it took little 
brainwork to add up what Linda could earn in twelve out of every twenty-
four hours, over five days.  If the gross averaged out to thirty dollars a 
time, sixty dollars an hour or maybe more with some young customers who 
would cum as soon as they got up the little beauty that should work out to 
six hundred dollars a day!  Three thousand dollars for the working week!  
Working out his own cut was too much for him.
     "Let's have another 'schooner', Billy.  We're gonna be rich by 
Saturday night!"  He thought how much the Vice Squad must be raking off in 
bribes from Sydney's brothels: they're worse than the prostitutes, the 
bastards, he decided resentfully.
     News about the girl spread out of the club to groups of men on the 
beach and in cafes and bars along the waterfront.  Before evening when 
Sludge-Pump replaced him as a cunt-hustler, Billy was surprised at the 
variety of demands prospective clients were making.  Two hard-bitten 
weather-worn shearers from a six-month shearing run in the Outback offered 
a hundred dollars each if they could both fuck her at the same time.
     "You mean one up her cunt and the other up her ass?" Billy asked.  
No, they said, both in her cunt at the same time ... did he think they 
were queer?
     An old pervert called Thornton, hearing that an underage girl was 
whoring in an apartment near the beach said he would pay the fifty if she 
was thirteen.  That was his age limit and she had to suck him off he 
couldn't get a hard on for normal coitus.
     "Sure," said Tiger, taking forty on the spot.  "She'll be fourteen 
next month and she'll do anything."  He wondered if he should phone Hugh 
to shave off the little patch of golden curls from around Linda's pussy 
and tell everyone that Linda was only thirteen.  No, he finally decided, 
we'd have more than Sergeant Wright to cope with and all the dirty old men 
in Sydney would be hammering at the door.
     Jim told Tiger how he'd managed to get his monster all the way up her 
anal passage and invited Tiger to share her with him so he could do it 
again, after they "shut up shop" that night.
     "Tonight, after the last customer," he grinned lasciviously.  "Yeah, 
after the pubs shut," Tiger agreed.

*    *    *

     The girl lying naked on the bed in the apartment overlooking Bondi's 
golden beach looked more like twenty than fifteen.  There were dark 
shadows under her eyes, her blonde hair was matted from neglect, her down-
drawn mouth was that of a jaded moll and her legs were spread sluttishly 
apart.  She hardly ever bothered to change her position unless one of 
Hugh's numerous "friends" asked her to turn over or sit up to suck.  For 
four days she had only left the bedroom to visit the bathroom or watch a 
midnight movie on television.  Occasionally she ate a proper meal cooked 
for her by Hugh, otherwise she kept to her diet of hash cakes and vodka-
spiked Cokes.  Her body still glowed with the youth of a fifteen year old, 
contrasting with the dull expressionless face.  She "entertained" these 
friends of Hugh's from about eleven in the morning until midnight.  She 
was hardly conscious of whether it was day or night.  She didn't care.
     There was no feeling left in her except a constant flame of desire in 
her cunt.  Strange, leering faces breathed beer odors into hers; sometimes 
she was hurt, men squeezing her firm young breasts, shoving fingers 
roughly into her anus, digging their fingernails into the tender flesh of 
her back and buttocks.  Both her lips were bruised and swollen, the result 
of cruel bites from drunks and sadists.  She had a cigarette burn mark 
near the pink nipple of one breast, a scar across her thigh, caused by the 
flailing belt buckle swung by a middle-aged drunk who insisted on being 
called Sergeant, and her neck was covered with blood bruises.
     She hardly slept during the long hours when no one called at the 
apartment.  Late at night when she went back to bed from watching 
television there was always a bed companion for the night: Tiger or 
Sludge-Pump sometimes both.  She called him Sludge-Pump now.  She loathed 
both of them, if she got around to thinking about it.  She didn't care 
what they did with her: in fact, her orgasms were always much greater when 
they had her together late at night or before they went down for their 
morning swims in the surf.  One day she would go down with Jenny's board 
and swim out into the cool Pacific to cleanse herself of the nightmare she 
was enduring, suffering it because her mind was too pathetically weakened 
to deny the demands of her genitals or the fire of sensual desire raging 
day and night throughout her entire system.
     One day, she couldn't remember which, she wrote a letter to her 
parents, a short note about how happy she was tripping around Queensland 
with Jenny.  Hugh dictated the letter which he sent to a friend at 
Rockhampton to post back to Mr. and Mrs. Spender at Bondi Beach.  She had 
written again, intending to throw the letter out of the window in the hope 
that someone would post it to her parents, but by then she had forgotten 
the address and the phone number; she wasn't allowed to use the phone and 
she was never left alone.
     On the fifth day she asked for a television set to be installed in 
the bedroom so Hugh hired one which she left turned on all day, the sound 
turned up.  She stared with drugged eyes, the sound drowning out the 
constant vulgarities pouring into her ears, while Hugh's friends ravished 
her.  Instead of one or two men standing in the doorway while another 
lustily rammed and bounced her in the bed, the living room seemed packed 
with men drinking, talking, swearing and discussing money: "twenty 
dollars" were the only intelligible words she could distinguish from the 
babble of voices.  Once she had counted the men who fucked her one way or 
the other during the day, feeling a strange kind of perverted satisfaction 
in knowing that she had cum so many times, feeling at the same time a 
relief that she should not have to see those friends of Hugh's again.
     She couldn't count now.  There were too many.  One after the other.  
Undressing hurriedly, flopping heavily onto her body, squeezing her 
breasts, fumbling to find the entrance to her vagina, shoving hard into 
her wet crotch and kissing hard on her bruised lips as they rammed into 
her.  As soon as the fuck finished in a grunting climax she would turn her 
head to watch the television until the man dressed and another came to 
stand by the bed, dropping his pants to reveal an erect cock and ripping 
off his shirt; she would watch until the new friend pulled her face around 
for the expected kiss.
     She stopped eating the day before, refusing a greasy stew someone 
offered her during the short evening break and now, after twenty-four 
hours she felt no appetite, merely a thirst for vodkas and Coke.  She 
never answered any questions, the only time she spoke was when Hugh would 
come into the bedroom.
     "Where's Jenny?  Is Jenny back?" she would ask listlessly.
     She intended to kill Jenny.  Why, she could not remember.  She had a 
long pair of scissors on the dressing table.  She wanted Jenny so that she 
could stick the scissors in her guts.
     The life savers were worried enough about her deteriorating condition 
to put the closed sign up early that night.  Jenny might return on the ten 
o'clock plane and Linda might pass out completely from lack of food and 
sleep.  She looked terrible.  Tiger was sent to stand outside the entrance 
of the apartment building to warn all clients that the girl had gone and 
that a respectable lady had taken over the apartment.  They regretted 
their decision, thinking that perhaps Linda could fuck on until ten.
     Their decision was enforced by the law.  Sergeant Wright, with four 
officers; from his squad, arrived at half-past eight.  It was the first 
time the Sergeant had been back and this time it was semi-official in that 
he was prepared to use his authority if Hugh and his friends didn't comply 
with his requests.  The apartment quickly emptied of horny drunks when the 
cops walked in.  The word would spread throughout the club that the place 
had been raided.  The "Princess brothel", as the apartment had become 
known at the club and with local taxi drivers, was now permanently closed.
     "Yes," Sergeant Wright said to Hugh as they stood in the kitchen with 
the door closed.  "Five hundred dollars is a very fair contribution to the 
Police Fund.  I don't think it'll break you boys.  If your father wasn't a 
police sergeant, Hugh Watson, the donation would have been about two 
thousand.  We know that the four of you have been very lucky in business 
lately."
     He couldn't quite catch Hugh's mumbled reply.  He heard him clearly 
enough offer him and the other plain-clothes officers an hour or two with 
the blonde nymphet, an offer he refused, having looked at the bedraggled 
creature curled on the bed, staring at a television program of life in a 
convent.
     "Well, good luck boys in the championships at Coogee tomorrow.  I 
think you'd better have an early night, don't you?  And send that girl 
away ... she might give the neighborhood a bad name.  Goodnight."  The 
sergeant walked out, followed by his men.  They would collect fifty each 
and he would give his wife three hundred to stash away in her secret bank 
account.  A good start to a busy Saturday night ... next there would be 
the exercise of punching drunks before a free late supper downtown at 
Sammy's nite-spot.  He wondered how a young girl like that American whore 
could age so much in five days.  Probably drugs!  Remembering that Hugh's 
father was a dumb cop on the beat in Brisbane he resisted the temptation 
to turn back.  Hugh was probably giving some of his earnings to his old 
man.  He looked like a nice kid.
     "That's the end of the party, boys!" the nice kid was saying as he 
held up a beer-glass full of champagne.  "Here's to the little Princess!"  
The others interrupted their counting of hundreds of fives and tens to 
lift their mugs of champagne to the toast.  "Here's to the little 
Princess!"
     "Come out and join us, Linda," Billy called.  "The party's over.  
Come and have a farewell drink!"
     There was no reply.  Linda was asleep with the light blazing over the 
bed, the television blaring.  Billy went in, turned out the light and 
switched off the set.  He shut the door softly.  Tomorrow, someone would 
have to deliver her to wherever she lived.  Tomorrow was Sunday.  Another 
surf carnival with hundreds of luscious young birds wanting to be picked 
up by glamorous life savers.

*    *    *

     Linda slept for twelve hours, a dreamless uninterrupted sleep that 
enabled her youthful reserves to resuscitate her nervous and physically 
exhausted body.  When Hugh and Billy awakened her she drank her orange 
juice and ravenously ate her ham and eggs.  She asked for the television 
to be switched on, feeling cheated when Hugh shook his head.
     "The party's over, Princess."
     "Don't call me that.  My name's Linda.  Do you want to fuck me, Hugh?  
Do you, Billy?"
     They both laughed.  They were dressed in their green surfing costumes 
with that odd zig-zagged stripe of red running all the way down to their 
bulging genitals.
     "Time for a surf before you go home, Linda," Hugh said.  "You haven't 
tried Jenny's board yet."
     "Is Jenny here?  I want to talk to her."
     "No, she's been delayed in Melbourne.  Here, put on this bikini and 
we'll go down to the beach."  He gave her one of Jenny's bikinis which she 
slowly pulled on and they each held her arms to guide her unsteadily down 
to the beach.  Tiger and Sludge-Pump had gone with the rest of the 
Brisbane team over to the beach at Coogee.
     Walking into the sea, the first small wave rolling near the shore 
knocked her over, her legs weak from lying in bed for five days and 
nights.  They held her up as succeeding waves rolled in.  They tried to 
get her on the surfboard but she kept slipping off so they let her swim, 
holding her head up when the force of waves threatened to dump her.  After 
half an hour a weak smile came to her lips as she sensed her freedom and 
her body responded to the revitalizing action of the sea.
     "Time to go back," Hugh announced, holding her hand to lead her 
regretfully from the water.
     "I won't go back with you.  I want to stay here," she begged, fearful 
that her liberation from that apartment was about to end, that she would 
again have to endure the terrifying nightmare.  "I ... I know where I 
live.  I'm going home to my parents."
     "Sure you are, Linda.  As soon as you wash the salt water off and get 
dressed you'll be free to go home.  I promise."  Hugh gave her his best 
winning smile.  Jesus, I don't want a scene on the beach.  The bitch might 
start callin' for the cops.  They both breathed a sigh of relief when she 
stopped trying to go back into the surf and walked with them towards the 
promenade.  Back in the apartment they showered her, shampooed her hair, 
dried it with the blower, dressed her and told her to use Jenny's 
cosmetics to hide some of the marks on her neck.  They were proud of their 
work: They'd never groomed a girl before.  They dressed in shirts and 
shorts, packed their carnival gear into a bag and escorted Linda along the 
street to her apartment.
     "Er, you'd better explain to your parents about your swollen mouth, 
Linda.  Tell 'em you fell of a horse up in Queensland," Hugh said as they 
stopped outside the entrance to her apartment building.  "Well, eh, 
cheerio, Linda.  It's been nice, er, meetin' you."
     Linda entered the building without a word and without glancing back.  
She couldn't believe it was all over and that they were actually letting 
her go.  She let herself into the apartment, a nervous apprehension 
stirring in her stomach.  The place was empty.  On her bed she found a 
note: "Darling Princess.  In case you return while we're at church: 
Welcome home!  We're longing to see you.  Lots of love, Mom And Dad."

*    *    *

     Tears welled up in her eyes.  How could I ever have blamed them for 
what they did at home that night? she thought guiltily.  I willingly 
submitted to degrading acts which they would never believed existed.  In a 
way she wished she could tell them about it but she never could  the 
generation gap was far too wide.
     Quantas flew its Jumbo jet out of Kingsford Smith airport on the 
first leg of its flight to San Francisco, an early morning flight with Mr. 
and Mrs. Arnold Spender and daughter Linda among the first-class 
passengers.  Linda gazed out at a cloudless sky, as the jet made its 
curving climb, looking back at the golden strips of sand running 
disconnected for miles along the Australian coast.  She picked out Bondi 
Beach, the first strip of sand south of the harbor heads, and instead of 
feeling tired and happy now that she was flying far away from the scene of 
her degradation, she felt sad and humiliated.  She had arrived in Sydney 
almost believing that she was a princess.  She could now see herself in 
perspective, and though very much sadder she believed she was a little 
wiser than when she had rushed, carefree and innocent into the surf that 
day two weeks ago.
     The sun cast its rays through the window of the huge plane, Linda 
feeling the heat of it through her thin cotton dress, gradually inducing a 
feeling of euphoria, listlessness that allowed her body to relax in the 
semi-reclined seat.  Her hand resting in her lap, she unconsciously 
pressed gently down on the swollen mound.  She did not think of Hugh, 
Billy, Tiger, Jim and Jenny; she thought of Tom, her decent, well-bred 
boyfriend waiting for her at Long Beach.  She thought of his rather small, 
white cock.  She felt sexier.  She thought of how things would be 
different this time, when they were again together in his convertible.  
She covered her hand with her sweater so that she could press her middle 
finger down into the soft lips to stroke her clitoris.  She wouldn't shy 
away from Tom.  She would suck his cock and fill her mouth with the creamy 
cum that had once so terrified her.  She would take him and all of his 
friends from his class, if they wanted her.  She thought of Tom's thirteen 
year old sister: She was almost ripe!  Princess Linda would give them all 
a royal fuck.  Fuck!  What a lovely word!
     "You all right, Princess?" called her father from across the aisle.
     "Yes, Daddy.  I'm perfectly content," she replied.  "But I sure can't 
wait to get home."



The End

